About the job
Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. Our critical communications, video security and command center technologies support public safety agencies and enterprises alike, enabling the coordination that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals and safer businesses. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Aperçu de l’entreprise

Chez Motorola Solutions, nous pensons que tout commence par nos employés. Nous sommes une communauté mondiale soudée, unie par la volonté incessante de contribuer à la sécurité des personnes partout dans le monde. Nos technologies de communication, de sécurité vidéo et de centre de commandement essentielles soutiennent les agences de sécurité publique et les entreprises, permettant une coordination essentielle pour des communautés, des écoles, des hôpitaux et des entreprises plus sécuritaires. Connectez-vous à une carrière qui compte et aidez-nous à bâtir un avenir plus sûr.

Department Overview

Futurecom Engineering is a multi-disciplined team where we excel in developing best in class repeaters for coverage solutions in the Public Safety Communication field. Our team is responsible for a wide spectrum of product development functions from requirements gathering & maturation, to hardware & software development, to various testing phases, and to ongoing product support. We provide great environment and exciting opportunity for both professional and personal growth.

Job Description

As a Development intern, you will participate in the development & testing of our products and management platform. You will be creating testing strategy and execute on it to ensure that the software product meets user requirements and work closely with the Development Team to understand requirements, estimate testing efforts and deliver a reliable product to our customers. Your programming skills can be used to automate some of the repeatable tests via scripting & creative usage of resources. As you progress through the work terms, you might work with our Development team to develop s/w solutions.

Job Responsibilities

Analyzing requirements in order to identify and create test scenarios.
Designing, creating and executing manual tests.
Designing and scripting automated regression tests.
Analysis and reporting of testing results.
Raise defects/issues and follow up and resolve outstanding defects/issues.
Work with developers to ensure all product integration requirements are satisfied.
Designing and scripting productivity enhancement tools.
Coding functions & algorithm to support development tasks.

Required Skills

Knowledge of CS fundamentals including data structures, algorithm design and complexity analysis.
Working experience on Linux & Microsoft OS.
Some knowledge of VB scripting and C.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
Strong communication skills (both verbal and written).
Proficiency in at least one object-oriented programming language such as Java, C++ or C# an asset.
Experience and understanding of software development methodologies.
Knowledge of Digital Wireless technologies (DMR/LMR, LTE, 3G, Bluetooth, WiFi) would be an asset.

Basic Requirements

Working toward Bachelor's degree or Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or allied disciplines.
Graduation date must occur on or after December 2026.
Must be a US Citizen, permanent resident or be an MS student with work authorization (F1 Visa on CPT accepted only for masters-level students).

Travel Requirements

None

Relocation Provided

None

Position Type

Intern