Long Term Placement:	No
Position Start Date:	05/01/2026
Position End Date:	08/31/2026
Term Posted:	2026 - Spring
Position Type:	4-month
Position Title:	Software Engineer Intern
Position Description:	
Software Engineer Intern (4 to 16 months available)


Location - Burlington, ON (On-site)




Looking for an internship with great learning opportunities and meaningful work?

Join our team - https://youtu.be/8wmfn9B07F0



This position will be compensated within the range of $22.50/hr to $34.50/hr, based on previous work term experience.


Located in Burlington, Evertz is a worldwide leader in the design and manufacture of leading edge multimedia products for the film & television broadcast industry. Recognized as one of the top 50 best-managed companies in Canada, Evertz has gained Canadian corporate success through its vision, stakeholders' values, and excelling in the global economy. Evertz is proud to have worldwide client base that includes the largest global media and entertainment companies (e.g. Warner Bros. Discovery, Disney, NBC, Universal, Paramount, Sky, and Mediaset), sports leagues (e.g. NBA, NHL, MLB, Dorna, RBFA, and MLSZ) and other media organizations (e.g. Microsoft Studios, Amazon Studios, Apple, and YouTube).


Our employment philosophy is simple.


Hire extremely talented people, give them opportunities to make a positive impact and nurture their need for challenge and growth.


Our work philosophy is simple, too.


We emphasize teamwork, promote creativity and enjoy being at the leading edge of high-tech in our industry.


This position is part of our Edge Device Deployment team where interns can be exposed to a variety of software, such as Embedded, UI & AI. Interns will have the opportunity to design, develop, and test Embedded software, Advanced UI, AI Agents, and Cloud Computing Applications, depending on their area of selected interest:


Option 1:

Real-Time Operating Systems, Embedded Linux, FreeRTOS and Device Driver experience
Knowledge of digital hardware (SoC, ARM, FPGA.)
Experienced with device control interfaces, such as I2C, SPI, USB, PCIe, Ethernet; able to perform board level troubleshooting.
Familiar with Data Communication Network and associated Layer 2 and 3 protocols.

Option 2:

UX/UI design knowledge
Experiences with Angular

Option 3:

Cloud and AI knowledge
AI agents development experiences

RESPONSIBILITIES:


Requires work in-office at our Burlington location.
Design, implement, debug and maintain software and firmware.
Create and maintain documentation of the design, analysis and test results.
Responsible for adding new features or otherwise modify firmware/software based on management direction and customer feedback.
Perform other duties as assigned and adhere to company policies and procedures.