About the job
Roles

2026 Data Internship Job Description

Performance Optimization Intern
Data Internship

Description

The best career that you never expected is at Aviva.

You are investing time and money into your education, building the foundation for a rewarding career. Have you considered insurance? More than 100,000 Canadians work in the insurance industry.

We make a positive difference every single day offering protection and peace of mind.

Aviva Canada Inc. is one of Canada’s largest insurance groups and we have a lot to offer to talented people just entering the working world.

If you’re ready for a head start, we’d like to meet you.

Aviva is pleased to announce that we are currently recruiting for students for our summer internship Program for the period of May 2026 until August 2026. This is an excellent opportunity for post-secondary students to gain exposure to the insurance industry. Our program offers a variety of experiences across our insurance business unit. Aviva realizes the importance of crafting internships as a means to develop talent to meet future requirements for entry-level insurance roles.

What You’ll Do

Summer interns will have an opportunity to contribute in a variety of duties in the following departments
Operations
Injury Claims
Documentation of system/business requirements, policies and procedures, workflows and conceptual models
Data manipulation and analysis
Responsible for assisting full-time staff with short-term projects to meet business requirements
Other duties as assigned by manager
We’re Excited About You Because

You're passionate and thoughtful when it comes to offering an amazing customer experience
You aren't afraid to work in a dynamic environment and learn new processes
Organization is your strength and you love staying on top of projects
You get creative when it comes to problem solving
You are collaborative with teammates, communicate effectively, and build relationships easily

What You Need To Succeed

Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and actively pursuing a bachelor’s degree or college diploma
Demonstrates a desire to go above and beyond and hunger to learn and grow
Ability to adjust with minimal supervision where priorities may shift due to changing business needs
Strong verbal and written communicator with high caliber, professional business demeanor
Significant experience using Microsoft office programs (Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Excel)
Solid experience with VBA coding, SQL and SAS
A real passion for helping people
Pervious Insurance program or work experience is an asset 
Knowledge and experience using SAP Ariba is desirable
Have a minimum 2.75 GPA or B average

Candidates are encouraged to highlight any additional skills relevant to the specific role in their cover letter.

Please limit your application to one role at the location of your choice based on your interests. Carefully review which specific opportunities are available before submitting your application, as openings vary by office.

Office location include: Markham & Toronto

Please submit your applications to us by February 12, 2026.

**We thank you for your interest in applying for this position, however only suitable candidates will be contacted for interviews.**