Position Title:	Junior Systems Administrator (Co-op) [ID: 106094]
Position Description:	
Why Work for S&C Electric Canada Ltd

With over 70 years of innovation in Canada and a century globally, S&C Electric is a trusted leader in power reliability. We foster a collaborative, safety-focused environment where achievements are celebrated and growth is encouraged.

What We Offer

Competitive compensation
Subsidized Public Transit Program
Summer hours program
Discounted Food & Beverage
Paid vacation days (applicable to 8 - 16-month co-ops)
At S&C, we believe in empowering our people and providing meaningful career opportunities. Ready to make an impact? Apply now and join a team where your contributions matter. Apply and join our team today!

S&C Electric Canada Ltd. is an equal-opportunity employer.

In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code, S&C Electric Canada Ltd. will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment, selection and/or assessment process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment, selection and/or assessment process, please inform S&C Electric Canada Ltd.'s Human Resources staff of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation.

About Us

In 1909, S&C Electric Company transformed the delivery of safe, reliable electricity with the invention of the Liquid Power Fuse. Today, as the world faces extreme weather events and the demand for electricity grows, S&C continues to innovate and advance the electrical grid, ensuring reliable and resilient power for homes, communities, and critical infrastructure around the world.

With a diverse, global workforce and core values around integrity, safety, and quality, S&C is a trusted industry leader and top workplace that offers meaningful careers to more than 3,500 team members. As a people-first organization, S&C is committed to fostering an inclusive and collaborative workplace where team members advance their careers through robust talent-development programs and involved leadership.

S&C's deeply rooted belief diversity fosters greater creativity, innovation, and success guides the company to advance and sustain a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace culture.




Job Description
At S&C Electric Canada, Co-Op students are valued contributors to our mission of building a safer, more reliable, and more resilient electrical grid. With over 70 years of innovation in Canada, we continue this legacy as a trusted, forward-thinking leader in the power industry. As a co-op student, you will work on meaningful projects that support our operations and give you hands-on experience in a dynamic, safety-focused environment.

Join S&C to make an impact on tomorrow's energy challenges!

Work Arrangement: Onsite

Work Term: Summer 2026 (4 Months: May - August)

Compensation

At S&C, we are dedicated to providing competitive and equitable compensation for all our team members, with a commitment to transparency in our pay practices. The hourly pay range for this position is $22.20 - $28.4. Individual pay within this range is determined by several compensable factors, including the year of study, type of academic program, and the number of prior co-op work terms completed.

Join Our Team as a Junior Systems Administrator!

Are you passionate about IT? S&C Electric Company is seeking a dynamic individual for our System Administration team. The Junior Systems Administrator is responsible for automating processes and providing client support in on-premises and cloud technologies.

Key Responsibilities:

Respond to and prioritize requests for technical support or assistance.
Identify and analyze support issues, determining cause, resolution, and potential trends.
Work with senior members in automating software installation and processes.
Provide guidance and recommendations on the most effective use of technology.
Facilitate relationships with external organizations regarding technical issues and software functionality.
Prepare/maintain procedural, educational, or related documentation/communications
Follow established standard work and best practices; define new standard work as appropriate
Install or assist in the installation and maintenance of technical equipment and/or software
Perform other similar and related duties as assigned


Position Requirements:	
What you'll Need To Succeed:

Successful completion of at least one year of post-secondary education towards a diploma or degree in or related to computer or information technology.
Successful completion of at least one co-op work term.
Enrolled and eligible for a 4-month co-op work term for the Summer 2026 term (May - Aug).
Experience in a technical support role involving on-prem and cloud technology, including but not limited to:
Active Directory and Azure AD.
Office 365, Exchange, and SharePoint.
Windows client and server OS.
Knowledge of PowerShell and some programming languages is highly desirable.
Excellent interpersonal, customer service, and communication skills.
Ability to work independently with minimum supervision.
A team player and a self-starter.
Physical Effort:

Normal or frequent minor physical effort required for the day-to-day activity in the workplace. May involve standing, sitting, walking, climbing stairs and lifting/moving/using objects or equipment up to 20lbs.

Work Environment:

Acceptable working environment with minor or almost no disagreeable or challenging working conditions as part of everyday expected levels (all jobs will occasionally experience undesirable or disagreeable events).

Vacancy Disclosure:

This posting is to fill an existing vacancy within S&C Electric Canada.

Position Location:	In-person
Work Location - Street Address:	90 Belfield Road, Etobicoke
Work Location - City, Prov/State:	Toronto, ON
Salary:	$20.00 - $22.99/hr
Hours Per Week:	40
Number of Positions:	1