Intern - Software Quality Engineering (IoT)
LocationCA-ON-Markham
# Positions 1 Category Engineering
Position Description
At a Glance

 

Legrand has an exciting opportunity for a Intern - Software Quality Engineering (IoT - Internet of Things) to join the Wattstopper Plus Team in Markham, ON. The successful candidate will be part of the Wattstopper Plus development team and be responsible for testing of the embedded soft- and firmware of a variety of building control IoT devices. You will also have the opportunity to write test automation code or engage in other IoT device or software related development activities. 

 

What Will You Do?

Testing and test automation of embedded IoT device soft- and firmware.
Support hardware design verification testing.
Testing/Automation of PC and web applications for Windows, iOS and Android.
Design and document manual and automated test scenarios.
Create, configure and manage complex test set-ups.
Execute manual and automated testing scenarios.
Report and manage software, firmware and hardware bugs and improvements.
Document IoT device and system functionality for internal and external use.
Opportunities for other related testing and HW, FW or SW development projects.
Work in an agile product development environment.
Perform root cause analysis of internal and external quality issues and document results.
Meet critical deadlines.
Qualifications
Required Skills

 

Education:

Some college coursework completed.
Experience:

Some experience with embedded IoT or home automation devices.
Some experience with Python, C++ and/or C#.
Some experience in testing SW and Web applications.
Some experience with taking electrical measurements.
Skills/Knowledge/Abilities:

Hands-on with computers, software and electronic devices.
Understanding of SQA and product testing methodologies and procedures.
Development and execution of new test scenarios.
Bug reporting and management experience.
Good debugging and troubleshooting skills.
Pay Range:

CAD per hour $23.00-28.00
Company Info
About Legrand

Legrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Our comprehensive offering of solutions for residential, commercial, and data center markets makes us a benchmark for customers worldwide. We harness technological and societal trends with lasting impacts on buildings with the purpose of improving life by transforming the spaces where people live, work, and meet with electrical and digital infrastructures and connected solutions that are simple, innovative, and sustainable. Legrand is a global, publicly traded company listed on the Euronext (Legrand SA EPA: LR). For more information, visit www.legrandgroup.com/en

 

About Legrand North and Central America

Legrand, North & Central America (LNCA) is a leader in the AV, Lighting & Controls, Electrical, and Data Center markets. LNCA offers comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage, as well as distinctive benefits like a high employer 401K match, paid time off (PTO) and holiday pay, short-term and long-term disability benefit plans, above-benchmark paid maternity and parental leave, bonus opportunities in accordance with the Company’s incentive plans, paid time off to volunteer, and an active/growing Employee Resource Group network. For more information, visit legrand.us 

 

 

About Legrand’s Building Control Systems Division

Legrand’s Building Control Systems (BCS) division includes the Wattstopper, Vantage, and Shading Systems product lines. BCS industry-leading energy-efficient lighting controls technology and services are designed to meet code, ensure ease of installation, and enable precision control of light in offices, classrooms, hospitals, homes, and more. Combined with our Shading Systems for residential and commercial applications, Legrand’s Building Control Systems provides leading solutions for the control of natural and electric light in spaces where people live, learn, and work. BCS teams’ partner with designers to offer solutions that meet today’s green initiatives, including LEED, WELL Building, Living Building Challenge, and more