About the job
Our student and new graduate programs offer a chance to explore Sun Life from the inside. You’ll make a difference in the lives of our customers and communities, while building the skills and experience that allow you to grow in a meaningful and rewarding way.

Job Description

You are as unique as your background, your experience and your point of view. At Sun Life, you will be encouraged, empowered and challenged to be your best. You will work with dynamic colleagues - experts in their fields - who are eager to share their knowledge with you. Your leaders will inspire and help you reach your potential and soar to new heights. Every day, you will have new and exciting opportunities to make life brighter for our Clients - who are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how you can make a difference in the lives of individuals, families and communities around the world.

Role Summary

We’re in the need of an eager, self-motivated developer who is ready to use their education as a foundation to grow their skills into something more special. This role sits at the forefront of innovation at Sun Life and is focused in delivering APIs to market in a way no other insurer in Canada is doing it. You will be a developer and a key member of the team defining the next generation of delivery for the insurance industry.

The position can be located at the Sun Life office in Downtown Toronto, North York or Waterloo, depending on where a suitable candidate is found.

What will you do?

Reporting to the Director, API Platform Engineering, the API Developer (Co-op) is responsible for design, development, deployment and implementation of the API Platform and Enterprise Event Hub Components.

The individual in this role will grow their own skill set by working very closely with a team of cutting-edge software engineers to introduce new innovations to Sun Life.

The responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:

Participate in the design, development, deployment and rollout of components involved in API Platforms both in the cloud and on premise. 
Participate in the construction, maintenance and continuous improvement of core infrastructure that underlies API development including a gateway/service-mesh, runtimes, security, logging, exception handling, etc. in partnership with rest of ES.
Participate in the design and development of the CI/CD Pipeline for API lifecycle
Participate in the design and implementation of an Enterprise Event Hub with Kafka
Identifying defects in the platform modules, debugging issues being faced and provide effective solutions to resolve the same
Develop an understanding of project best practices around continuous integration and delivery

What will you need to succeed?

Must Have

Currently pursuing a Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related area with a graduation date of August 2026 or later. 
Previous experience with programming in Java is required
Understanding of APIs, Event Driven Solutions, DevOps, containers, Kubernetes and cloud
Self starter with tenacious inquisitiveness and a desire to learn who will proactively find and explore solutions and provide recommendations.

Nice to Have

Previous experience with programming in C#, Python and/or JavaScript are nice to have
Experience with scripting languages to automate operations tasks is a nice to have
Knowledge of API development in AWS Serverless environment working with AWS Lambda and AWS API Gateway etc.
Awareness of how to deploy components on Kubernetes
Knowledge of CI/CD solutions (like Jenkins, Ansible, CDD Continuous Delivery Director)
Proficiency in building and deploying solutions with frameworks like Spring Boot, including secure coding practices, load-testing and performance optimization
Awareness of modern event-based architectures and patterns (event sourcing, choreography-based SAGA Pattern)
Exposure to building solutions using Apache Kafka, Confluent Platform
Awareness of Kafka technologies, Kafka Connect, Schema Registry, Kafka Broker, Zookeeper, KSQL, KStream
Awareness of Financial Services and Insurance

Competencies

Ability to establish and maintain a good team environment, develop a culture of innovation, collaboration within the team.
Demonstrated problem solving, communication and organizational skills, a positive attitude coupled with the self-awareness to seek help when needed
Ability to effectively communicate both internally and externally.
Mature, confident, and performance-oriented
Capable of developing strong relationships with peers
An excellent communicator, team player and someone who is intellectually honest.
Ability to adapt thinking and response to the geographic differences across our global operations.

What's in it for you?

Augmenting your current studies with real and practical application of what you have learned to date.
Working with one of the most cutting edge and innovative teams within Sun Life
Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience
A ‘dress for the day’ dress code, where you dictate how you dress based on your day
Flexible work arrangements that will allow you to work from home while collaborating with our globally disbursed team
At Sun Life, you will be joining a purpose driven organization focused on helping Canadian’s achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. 
As a student, you’ll make a real impact by contributing to meaningful work, gaining valuable experience and actively working towards your team’s goals.
You’ll join our unique student culture, designed to help you grow both personally and professionally beyond your role. We offer professional development workshops, student awards, socials and many more exciting opportunities. 
We are honored to be recognized as Canada’s Best Employers for Recent Graduates and Canada's Best Workplaces by Great Place to Work in 2025.
Your student journey is just the beginning and we're proud to help many who choose Sun Life to transition into permanent roles after graduation.

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted for. The Base Pay which you will be considered for will vary depending on the Campus program you are selected for.

Eligible Sun Life employees for various Campus Graduate programs will also participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our Clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process, or those needing job postings in an alternative format, may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

We are proud to be a hybrid organization that offers our employees the choice and flexibility to work from both the office and virtually based on the needs of the business, our Clients and you! Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We may use artificial intelligence to support candidate sourcing, screening, interview scheduling.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Job Category

Temporary Employee

Posting End Date

20/01/2026