PepsiCo Canada IT Analytics & Automation Co-op - Summer 2026
Mississauga, Canada
IT
412201
No
No
Job Description
Overview
POSITION: IT Analytics & Automation Internship (Summer 2026 Term – 4 months)

LOCATION: Mississauga, ON

COMPENSATION: $25-28 per hour

Are you hungry for an exciting and challenging opportunity in a fast-paced, diverse organization?

If so, you have a future at PepsiCo. As a world class organization, we strive for excellence in everything that we do!  To accomplish our goals, we need talented, innovative, creative people who know how to work hard and have fun.

Taste the success with Canada's fastest growing CPG (Consumer Package Goods) company and discover how our passion for growth creates big challenges and big opportunities: personally, professionally, and financially.

At PepsiCo, we leverage an amazing range of technologies throughout our business; from mobile apps to advanced analytics, from cloud connected sensors to complex data integrations and everything in between.

Reasons to Consider PepsiCo for your Co-op Placement:

Ongoing professional development to expand your business knowledge
Opportunities to work with a wide range of functional departments and leaders
Make an impactful change with your projects
Ability to flex work arrangements
To work with, and learn from business partners to gain key decision-making skills
Opportunities for various plant tours and visits 
Responsibilities
As an IT Analytics & Automation Internship Intern, you will work with various business functions across PepsiCo Foods Canada, and will be responsible for gathering requirements, building applications, modernizing business processes, and driving innovation.

Key responsibilities will include:

Use tools like PowerApps, Power BI, Power Automate, UiPath, and Azure Data Lake to build applications and automate processes
Collaborate with business and technology teams to address real-world business challenges
Gather and define project requirements, scope, and objectives with clients
Communicate project status and updates to stakeholders
Assist in project planning, scheduling, and issue tracking
Support user acceptance testing and documentation
Present data-driven insights through business intelligence tools to broader teams and business stakeholders
Qualifications
Motivated learner enrolled in a Business, Finance, Mathematics, Engineering, or IT related program
Previous work experience as a Business Analyst or similar role preferred
Exposure to Agile methodologies
Solid communication, organizational/time-management skills required
Strong skills in developing presentations and reports
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and SQL preferred
Working experience with Microsoft Power Apps, Power BI and UiPath is an asset.
Self-motivated, enthusiastic, and able to build collaborative relationships!
PepsiCo may use Artificial Intelligence as part of its hiring process. Specifically, we may use AI-based tools to screen, assess, or select applicants.

This posting is for an existing vacancy. 

What you can expect from us:

A dynamic and inclusive culture that promotes you to bring your whole-self to work
Inspiring positive change for people and the planet with sustainability goals
An opportunity to be meaningful and impactful within your work and projects
A supportive team that will encourage your professional growth and development