About the job
Venture outside the ordinary - TMX Careers

The TMX group of companies includes leading global exchanges such as the Toronto Stock Exchange, Montreal Exchange, and numerous innovative organizations enhancing capital markets. United as a global team, we’re connecting cross-functionally, traversing industries and geographies, moving opportunity into action, advancing global economic growth, and propelling progress. Through a rich exchange of ideas, meaningful collaboration, and a nimble operating model, we're powering some of the nation's most critical systems, fueling capital formation and innovation, bringing increased opportunity to business visionaries, product ingenuity to consumers, and career exploration to our team.

Ready to be part of the action?

Join the Enterprise Data Management and Analytics (EDMA) team to build and scale our next-generation Cloud Data & Analytics platforms. Working with a modern stack (AWS, Snowflake, and more), you won’t just be a bystander—you’ll be a builder.

The Impact You’ll Make

Architect & Integrate: Dive into our Enterprise Data architecture to onboard new sources and provision data for mission-critical downstream systems
Optimize DevOps: Level up our engineering velocity by implementing key enhancements to our CI/CD and deployment pipelines
Drive Innovation: Apply a problem-solving mindset to tackle complex data challenges independently using industry best practices

What You Bring

A passion for cloud technologies and hands-on experience with modern data stacks
The curiosity to learn complex architectures and the accountability to own your projects from start to finish

This role reports to: Lead - Big Data Engineer

This role is hybrid (2-3 days/week in the office) - based in Toronto, ON.

Key Accountabilities

On-board of new data sets into the platform
Integration of CI/CD pipelines with GIT 
Creation of data dictionary and documentation of datasets into Confluence / Google Documents 
Collaboration with clients, manage expectations and handle queries

Must Have(s)

Hands-on experience on Python, SQL programming languages
Good understanding of data warehousing and data modeling techniques
Experience on development using Agile methodologies
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Be a strategic thinker with excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Be a self starter with ability to follow through on projects assigned

Nice To Have(s)

Previous experience in the financial and/or securities industry
Working knowledge of Spark, Hive, etc.
Good knowledge of AWS suite of services like EMR, S3, EC2, Lambda functions, Managed Airflow, etc

Note

4 month Co-op / Internship: May 4, 2026 - August 28, 2026
In order to be considered for the position, you are required to submit your Knockri Assessment

Salary Range: $25/hour - $28/hour CAD

Please note that the salary range included is a guideline only. The salary offered may vary based on factors, including, but not limited to, the successful candidate’s relevant knowledge, skills, and experience. 

The recruiting efforts for this role are intended to fill a vacant position.

For this role AI-assisted tools are utilised as one input in the application and screening process. AI does not make final hiring or interview decisions.

In the market for…

Excitement - Explore emerging technology and innovation, as well as ventures and digital finance that shape the future of global markets! Experience the movement of the market while grounded in the stability of close to 200 years of success.

Connection - With site hubs in some of the world’s most multicultural cities, we leverage our size and structure to create rich connections and belonging while experiencing powerful global impact through our work.

Impact - More than a platform, we use our talents to power mission-critical systems that drive global economic advancement, innovation, and growth. As well, our employee-led Team Impact spreads social good via our giving strategy.

Wellness - From empathetic leadership to a culture of flexibility and balance, we believe wellness at work creates the maximum yield and a stronger “we”. Plus, with a cloud-first and hybrid workstyle, as well as generous time-off and leaves, we support a life well lived!

Growth - From a growth mindset in our work, to expansion in our business, TMX is home to action-takers energized by the achievement of ambitious growth.

Ready to enrich your career with impactful work, leaders who truly care, and the flexibility and programs to help you thrive as part of #TeamTMX ? Apply now.

Please note that our company is not currently sponsoring work permit applications and the applicant must be authorized to work in the country where this position is located. 

TMX is committed to creating and sustaining a collegial work environment in which all individuals are treated with dignity and respect and one which reflects the diversity of the community in which we operate. We provide accommodations for applicants and employees who require it.

Job search faster with Premium