Applied Machine Learning Intern
Professional Staff
Toronto, ON, CA
Today
Requisition ID: 1179

Apply
Salary:
$25.00 Hourly
POSITION DESCRIPTION

Applied Machine Learning Intern 

POSITION OVERVIEW

As a Vector Applied Machine Learning Intern, you will contribute to developing reusable software to apply and scale research breakthroughs in machine learning and AI. You will collaborate with some of the best and brightest AI developers and machine learning researchers and will work with leading industry sponsors and health stakeholders to apply AI. You will work closely with a technical lead on your software development projects for day-to-day direction.

Start date: May 4, 2026

End date: August 28, 2026

APPLIED INTERNSHIPS AT VECTOR

The applied internship program at Vector provides relevant, hands-on learning and work experience in machine learning and AI. During the paid internship, interns will have the opportunity to attend research, recruitment, and commercialization talks at Vector and connect with key stakeholders in the AI ecosystem. Applied internships may be full-time (36.25 hours per week) or part-time (20 hours per week) over the Summer academic term (May 4 - August 28, 2026) with an opportunity to continue over the Fall 2026 academic term. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Consistent with Vector’s goals in this program to relieve disadvantages and alleviate the under-representation of Black and Indigenous people in AI, and to attempt to achieve equal opportunity in the field of AI, preference in hiring will be given to qualified Black and Indigenous persons, studying at or having recently graduated from a Canadian post-secondary institute, who self-identify as such in the application process. This initiative is designed to meet the criteria of a special program under the Ontario Human Rights Code. 

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Work on AI software development projects following an agile methodology with teams that can include Vector AI software developers, professional staff, researchers, and industry sponsors;

Develop reference applications and model templates that apply AI research to real-world problems using public and private data sets, providing software for training, testing, operating, and updating models;

Develop open source software for applying AI research techniques to common problems;

Contribute to industry projects that apply AI research to shared problems, contributing engineering expertise, and assisting with operational issues;

Develop prototypes and proofs of concept;

Report and present on software development including status and results; and,

Other duties as assigned. 

PROFILE OF THE IDEAL CANDIDATE

You are a self-identified Black or Indigenous student or postdoctoral fellow (Indigenous ancestry or heritage – First Nations (status or non-status), Métis or Inuit) or a recent graduate.

You are in second year or higher, studying at a Canadian university or college, or a recent graduate within one semester of graduation.

Experience in machine learning and/or statistics.

Data engineering background working with messy real-world data is preferred. 

Analytical skills to identify signals in data and feasibility of prediction.

Knowledge and experience of Python.

Experience with parameter and architecture tuning of deep learning algorithms is preferred.

Experience in leading open source deep learning software frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, Tensorflow, and CUDA).

Experience with or Interest in AI Systems development, large language models, recommender systems, or deep generative models is a plus. 

NICE TO HAVE

Data science experience is considered an asset.

Software engineering background with experience in industry is considered an asset.

Experience working on systems level programming on SLURM is an asset.

You are creative and enjoy collaborating within a small entrepreneurial environment that is results-driven.

You are motivated by continuous learning and the opportunity to make a difference and a real contribution to the AI ecosystem.

Please note this role gives preference to candidates who are available on a full time basis in the Summer term, however all candidates will be considered. 


COMPENSATION: $25/hour.


POSITION STATUS: This posting is for an existing vacancy. 


USE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Vector may use both internal and external third party AI-based tools to assist in the screening of applications for this posting. Any data collected will be used solely for recruitment purposes and handled in accordance with Vector’s External Privacy Policy and Use of AI-Based Tools in Recruitment and Selection Policy. 


INCLUSION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYMENT:

Vector believes AI powers possibility by advancing cutting-edge research and translating it into real-world impact through collaboration with research, industry, and government. Vector is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture that reflects its values.



The Vector Institute welcomes applications from all qualified candidates, including those who are Indigenous, 2SLGBTQIA+, racialized persons/visible minorities, women, and people with disabilities.

If you require an accommodation at any stage of the recruitment or selection process, please contact hr@vectorinstitute.ai. The Vector Institute team will be happy to work with you to ensure your experience is as inclusive and accessible as possible.

If you have any questions, please contact internships@vectorinstitute.ai. 

Please address applications (cover letter and resume) to Enoch To, Program Coordinator, Research Operations & Academic Partnerships, using the link provided. The deadline for submission is February 9, at 1:00PM ET. We thank all applicants for their interest in this exciting opportunity and will be in touch with those whose qualifications most closely match with our needs. Please note that all interviews are currently being held remotely.