About the job
Sopra Steria, a major Tech player with 51,000 employees in nearly 30 countries, is recognized for its consulting, digital services and solutions. Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions to support large enterprises and boost competitiveness by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a collaborative approach. We are committed to achieving sustainable results and placing people at the heart of technology. In 2024, the Group generated revenues of $9.4 billion. The world is how we shape it. For more information, visit us at www.soprasteria.ca.

Are you ready to take on the challenge with us?

Sopra Steria Infrastructure & Security Services (I2S) is a subsidiary of Sopra Steria dedicated to infrastructure, cloud, and cybersecurity activities. It plays a key role in Sopra Steria's end-to-end services. With 3,000 employees, Sopra Steria I2S stands out for the flexibility of its delivery model, combining client proximity from our 8 agencies with the advanced industrial capabilities of our offshore service centers.

Job Description

We are seeking a passionate AI Solutions Engineer (Co-op/Internship program) to help drive automation and efficiency across our business operations. This internship offers hands-on experience in researching processes, identifying automation opportunities, and collaborating with experts to implement AI solutions. Are you adaptable, a strong critical thinker, and have a keen interest in artificial intelligence? Then this may be the role for you.

Start date: ASAP / Flexible
Co-op/Internship Length: 4-8 months+, with possible full-time offer based on performance
Location: Toronto

Key Responsibilities

Research, analyze, and identify opportunities to streamline and improve internal and external processes on a large scale
Work with experts to put the provided use cases into action and foster innovation
Support in implementing process improvements and tracking their impact on team productivity and customer experience
Document research findings, proposed solutions, and implementation steps
Stay updated on the latest AI and machine learning tools, frameworks, and trends

Qualifications

Currently enrolled in or recently graduated from a Bachelor’s or Master’s program in Computer Science, Data Science, Cybersecurity, or a related field
Familiarity with AI and machine learning fundamentals
Proficiency in Python (preferred) or other programming languages
Deep understanding of LLM & AI tools (Copilot, Claude, Gemini, etc)
Deep understanding of IDE (VSCode, Antigravity, etc)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated interest in cybersecurity

Additional Information

Bonus Skills

Experience with machine learning frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Familiarity with data analysis and visualisation techniques
Basic knowledge of cybersecurity principles
Exposure to automation tools (e.g. RPA, scripting)

Soft Skills

Critical thinking and creative problem-solving
Adaptability to evolving AI technologies and project requirements
Strong communication and documentation skills
Team collaboration and proactive engagement
Self-motivation

Internship Benefits

One-on-one mentorship from cybersecurity professionals
Exposure to real-world AI applications in a cybersecurity/consulting context
Cross-functional collaboration across departments
Global professional development and networking opportunities
Potential for full-time employment based on performance

Perks

Competitive hourly wage with paid statutory holidays 
Monthly transportation allowance
Monthly social events
Free in-office coffee/snacks
Excellent training, mentorship, and career advancement opportunities in a caring, collaborative, and inclusive culture
Hybrid work environment with provided equipment to ensure optimal productivity
Sopra Steria is certified as a “Great Place to Work”

Sopra Steria is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We thank all applicants for their interest in this position. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the next steps in the selection process.