PepsiCo Canada IT Analytics Co-op - Summer 2026
Mississauga, Canada
IT
389307
No
No
Job Description
Overview
POSITION: IT Analytics Co-op (Summer 2026 Term – 4 months)

LOCATION: Mississauga, ON

COMPENSATION: $25 - 33.50 per hour

Are you hungry for an exciting and challenging opportunity in a fast-paced, diverse organization?

If so, you have a future at PepsiCo. As a world class organization, we strive for excellence in everything that we do!  To accomplish our goals, we need talented, innovative, creative people who know how to work hard and have fun.

Taste the success with Canada's fastest growing CPG Company and discover how our passion for growth creates big challenges and big opportunities: personally, professionally, and financially.

At PepsiCo, we leverage an amazing range of technologies throughout our business; from mobile apps to advanced analytics, from cloud connected sensors to complex data integrations and everything in between.

Reasons to Consider PepsiCo for your Co-op Placement:

Ongoing professional development to expand your business knowledge
Opportunities to work with a wide range of functional departments and leaders
Make an impactful change with your projects
Ability to flex work arrangements
To work with, and learn from business partners to gain key decision-making skills
Opportunities for various plant tours and visits 
Responsibilities
As an IT Analytics Intern, you will work with various business functions across PepsiCo Canada, and will be responsible for gathering requirements, building tools/analytical capabilities, modernizing business processes, and driving innovation.

Key responsibilities will include:

Leverage various data analytic tools such as Power BI, Azure Data Lake, Power Automate, and PowerApps
Consult with Business Partners to provide key data insights using various Business Intelligence tools
Engage technology and business leaders to leverage tools to solve real world business challenges
Liaise with clients to identify and define requirements, scope and objectives
Act as the point of contact and communicate project status to all stakeholders
Support agile project plan development, monitoring and tracking project schedule, and tracking issues and risks
Support the development of user acceptance test cases and test execution activities
Oversee creation and maintaining comprehensive project documentation
Qualifications
Motivated learner enrolled in a Business, Computer Science, Finance/Mathematics, Engineering, or IT related program
Previous work experience as a Business Analyst or similar role preferred
Exposure to Agile methodologies
Solid communication, organizational skills, including multitasking and time-management required
Strong skills in developing presentations and reports
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) required
Knowledge of SQL an asset
Experience in Analytics from conception to delivery of an asset
Working experience with Microsoft Power Apps, Power BI and data wrangling tools (e.g. Trifacta, VBA Macros, Databricks) is an asset.
Self-motivated, enthusiastic, and able to build collaborative relationships!
PepsiCo may use Artificial Intelligence as part of its hiring process. Specifically, we may use AI-based tools to screen, assess, or select applicants.

This posting is for an existing vacancy. 