About the job
Welcome to rewarding experiences you can relate to. 


At CIMA+, you can look forward to opportunities that match your skills, ambitions and passions. You’ll be mentored by engaged professionals and be able to work on innovative projects that help communities become sustainable and more resilient. With us, you’ll reach your full potential in an environment that’s engineered for people. 


If this sounds like the kind of place you would thrive in, then take this opportunity to become part of something unique: a place where your ideas and perspectives are welcomed and encouraged. 


As part of the Summer 2026 internship season, we are seeking Information Technology interns to join our IT department. 


The IT team at CIMA+ designs, deploys, and maintains technological solutions that support all company projects and operations. The team works across all sectors (infrastructure, transportation, energy, environment) by integrating innovative, secure, and efficient digital solutions. 




Job Description

Main responsibilities 


As an IT intern at CIMA+, you will have the opportunity to actively contribute to your team’s technology projects: 


Participate in the development, deployment, and maintenance of IT systems and internal applications. 


Assist with IT infrastructure management: networks, servers, security, and user support. 


Contribute to data analysis and the creation of digital tools to improve project performance. 


Participate in technical documentation and reporting for IT projects. 


Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams to integrate technology solutions tailored to project needs. 




Qualifications

Profile 


Currently registered in in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems Undergraduate degree, or a related field 


Proficiency with Microsoft Office and digital collaboration tools 


Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously 


Ability to collaborate with multidisciplinary teams 


Interest in innovation and technology applied to engineering 


 Please note that our co-op, internship and student job opportunities are offered to individuals that are presently enrolled in a program at an educational institution. To be admissible for an internship, your work experience must meet the requirements from your study program and must be recognized by your educational institution. If you have completed your studies or will graduate by the start date, we invite you to consult our employment opportunities on our career page.  




Additional Information

 


 


At CIMA+, we recognize the richness and diversity of each individual’s experience. Compensation for this role is therefore based on the candidate’s experience, skills, and qualifications, while maintaining internal equity. The level and associated salary may vary depending on the candidate’s profile.


CIMA+ uses an applicant tracking system that includes an automated match score feature. However, this score is not used to screen, assess, or select applicants. All hiring decisions are made through human review.


Ethics and integrity are fundamental values at CIMA+. That is why we are committed to ensuring equal access to resources and opportunities for candidates, regardless of their identity (race, ethnicity, colour, religion, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, socio-economic status or background, etc.).


In keeping with the principles of employment equity, we encourage all applications, including, but not limited to, those from women, Indigenous people, people with disabilities and visible minorities. We also encourage candidates to complete the self-identification form when applying for employment.


Accommodations are available on request. Your Business Partner will process your request.



Find out about The CIMA+ advantage - CIMA+.
