About the job
Required Travel :No Travel

Managerial - No

Location: :Canada-ON, Mississauga, Milverton (AM)

Who are we?

Amdocs helps the world’s leading communications and media companies deliver exceptional customer experiences through reliable, efficient, and secure operations at scale. We provide software products and services that embed intelligence into how work runs across business, IT, and network domains –delivering measurable outcomes in customer experience, network performance, cloud modernization, and revenue growth. With our talented people, and more than forty years of experience running mission-critical systems around the globe, Amdocs runs billions of transactions daily. Our technology is relied on every day, connecting people worldwide and advancing a more inclusive, connected world. Together, we help those who shape the future to make it amazing. Amdocs is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ: DOX) and reported revenue of $4.53 billion in fiscal 2025. For more information, visit www.amdocs.com

At Amdocs, our mission is to empower our employees to 'Live Amazing, Do Amazing' every day. We believe in creating a workplace where you not only excel professionally but also thrive personally. Through our culture of making a real impact, fostering growth, embracing flexibility, and building connections, we enable them to live meaningful lives while making a difference in the world.

In one sentence

We are looking for 2nd or 3rd Year Students (of a 3 years or 4 years studies accordingly) to join our Business Operations team, supporting complex operational processes through data analysis, automation, reporting, and AI enabled solutions.

Internship Details

Term: May–August 2026 (4 months)

Work Hours: Full-time, standard business hours

What will your job look like?

You Will

 Break down complex business and operational processes into clear, manageable tasks and trackers.
 Build and maintain Excel-based resource and operations trackers, using advanced formulas.
 Assist with process automation and AI initiatives, including Copilot usage, Copilot agents, and AI assisted workflows.
 Work with operational platforms to support business operations, e.g., QuickBase.
 Collaborate closely with business, finance, and technical teams

All you need is...

 Ongoing studies in Business Operations, Business Administration, Information Systems, Data Analytics, or a related field.
 Interest in operations, process improvement, data, and Generative AI automation.
 Advanced or growing proficiency in Excel.
 Self-learner and strong organizational and analytical skills.
 Good communication skills.

What You Will Gain

 Hands-on exposure to real business operations in a large, global organization.
 Opportunity to contribute to process improvements that have a visible business impact.
 Opportunity to work with cross-functional teams.