Cloud Engineering Co-op
Apply
locations
Toronto, ON
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Today
time left to apply
End Date: February 1, 2026 (12 days left to apply)
job requisition id
2601400
We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.

At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.

To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com

What you will be doing

Join our CIBC Technology Operations team as a Cloud Engineer Co-Op and have a real impact in making our clients’ ambitions a reality! This is a great opportunity to be a part of a team that is helping to drive CIBC’s Technology Operations by developing, testing, and delivering easy to use, flexible, and personalized banking solutions. Be part of an innovation-focused team that creates easy, flexible, and personalized banking solutions to enhance client experience and change the way that people bank. 

At CIBC we enable the work environment most optimal for you to thrive in your role. Details on your work arrangement (proportion of on-site and remote work) will be discussed at the time of your interview.

Important information 

Please note, we have multiple positions available under this posting and you may be considered by more than one hiring team 

We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills tests (such as simulation, coding, French proficiency, MS Office). Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us.

You must be currently enrolled in post-secondary education and returning to full-time studies to be eligible. However, you do not need to be in a registered Co-Op program to be considered for a role.

Please include your resume (no more than 2 pages), a cover letter (no more than 1 page), and your most recent unofficial transcript with your application. These should all be uploaded into the Resume section of the application as one pdf document.

4, 8, 12, month opportunities available

How You will Succeed

Programming- You will develop, code and test computer programs for straightforward assignments. Review, analyze, and modify programming systems, including encoding, testing, and debugging. 

System Implementation- You will participate in the technical design, development, and integration of cross functional, multi-platform application systems. 

Coordination- You can effectively interact with stakeholders, end users, business analysts, and technical resources to gather requirements and prepare design specifications as instructed by senior team members. 

Communication - You can demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively articulate ideas and opinions that involve research, interpretation, and assessment.

Who you are.

You have a good understanding of cloud computing platforms (AWS/Azure/Google Cloud) and technologies. You have network security or experience programming for networks. Ideally have previous experience or exposure to working with Firewall/Paulo Alto.

You love to learn. You are enthusiastic about growing your knowledge. You have a keen sense of curiosity.

You act like an owner. You thrive when you are empowered to take the lead, go beyond, and deliver results.

You are digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends.

Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work, and you live our values – trust, teamwork, and accountability.

What CIBC Offers

At CIBC, your goals are a priority. We start with your strengths and ambitions as an employee and strive to create opportunities to tap into your potential.

We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive compensation, a banking benefit*, wellbeing support and additional offers such as employee and family assistance programs and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program.

Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients.

*Subject to program terms and conditions

What you need to know

CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com

CIBC is committed to clarity in our hiring process. All roles posted are opportunities we’re actively recruiting for, unless stated otherwise.

You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit

We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills test (such as simulation, coding, French proficiency). 

We use artificial intelligence tools during the recruitment process. Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us. 

Expected End Date

2026-08-21
Job Location

Toronto-81 Bay, 32nd Floor
Employment Type

Temporary (Fixed Term)
Weekly Hours

37.5
Skills

AWS Networking, Cisco Firewall, Confluence Administration, JIRA Tool, Microsoft Azure, Networks, Network Security, Palo Alto Networks Panorama, Palo Alto Next-Generation Firewall Operations