Data Analyst Co-op
Apply
locations
Toronto, ON
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 2 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: February 1, 2026 (7 days left to apply)
job requisition id
2601630
We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.

At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.

To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com

What you’ll be doing

Join our CIBC Technology Operations team as a Data Analyst Co-op, and have a real impact in making our clients’ ambitions a reality! This is a great opportunity to be a part of an innovation-focused team that is helping to drive CIBC’s digital transformation by supporting the design and implementation of large-scale technology projects and initiatives.  In this role you will bring knowledge of and passion for data and analytics to help evolve the streamline various data assets related to project data – apply (or learn to apply) data organization, integration, visualization and automation principles and tools and help create current and future state data assets (conventional and AI) and system diagrams.

At CIBC we enable the work environment most optimal for you to thrive in your role. You’ll have the flexibility to manage your work activities within a hybrid work arrangement where you’ll spend 1-3 days per week on-site, while other days will be remote.

Important information

Please note, we have multiple positions available under this posting and you may be considered by more than one hiring team

We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills tests (such as simulation, coding, French proficiency, MS Office). Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us.

You must be currently enrolled in post-secondary education and returning to full-time studies to be eligible. However, you do not need to be in a registered Co-op program to be considered for a role.

Please include your resume (no more than 2 pages), a cover letter (no more than 1 page), and your most recent unofficial transcript with your application. These should all be uploaded into the Resume section of the application as one pdf document 

4/8/12 month opportunities available

How you will succeed

Data skills – Assist in creating a more streamlined and organized project data assets using data organization, integration, visualization and automation principles and tools. Experience in one or more of SQL, APIs, Alteryx, Tableau, PowerBI, and other tools

Client-Focused – Help resolve requests/inquiries, including access/grants management, to the mailbox(es). Develop strong relationships with partners to satisfy and improve the overall partner experience

Multi-Tasker - experienced with multi-tasking and working in fast-paced, often-changing environment. Experience working in a team where processes and procedures are changing and updating

Who You Are

You engage with your heart and mind. You care about people and understand different perspectives. You listen and learn from the experiences of others.

Detail-oriented. Whether organizing an event or developing content, you pay close attention to the finer details and seek opportunities for enhancement to ensure optimal results.

You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making.

You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life.

You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best.

You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do.

Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability.

What CIBC Offers

At CIBC, your goals are a priority. We start with your strengths and ambitions as an employee and strive to create opportunities to tap into your potential.

We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive compensation, a banking benefit*, wellbeing support and additional offers such as employee and family assistance programs and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program.

Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients.

*Subject to program terms and conditions

What you need to know

CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com

CIBC is committed to clarity in our hiring process. All roles posted are opportunities we’re actively recruiting for, unless stated otherwise.

You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit

We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills test (such as simulation, coding, French proficiency). 

We use artificial intelligence tools during the recruitment process. Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us. 

Expected End Date

2026-08-21
Job Location

Toronto-81 Bay, 32nd Floor
Employment Type

Temporary (Fixed Term)
Weekly Hours

37.5
Skills

Data Analysis, Data Tracking, Excel Analytics, Microsoft Power Business Intelligence (BI), Tableau (Software)