Position Title:	Wi-Fi Software Test Intern (32)
Position Description:	
POSITION SUMMARY

Do you want to kick start your career into high gear while working with cutting edge technology? In this position, you will be working in the software platform team, participating in a project working through the development lifecycle from concept, test plan design, implementation, test bed setup, execution, issue debugging, isolation and quality metrics tracking. You will gain practical experience on agile software development model and delivering production quality software. Come and join us and make a difference!

Location: Oakville

Length of Term: 4 Months with possibility of extension

Role Responsibilities:

Work in Agile SW development environment to deliver state of the art SW solutions for cloud connected in-vehicle modules working on CAN/Ethernet network.
Implement, test and maintain software features using C/C++.
Perform Object Oriented software design using Python.
Share ideas for innovation and process improvements.


Position Requirements:	
Skills and Qualifications:

Enrolled in a Computer Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering or related field
Have a keen interest in software technology, with emphasis on embedded systems design and optimization
Strong knowledge of C/C++.
Understanding of Object Oriented software development.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Additional Assets:

Broad and deep knowledge in various scripting languages and shell scripts
Experience with code repository and versioning tools such as Git
Experience with build system (Jenkins) and defect tracking system (JIRA).
Proactive and interested in learning new tools and technologies.
Ford of Canada is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Accommodations for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment, selection and / or assessment processes, where needed, are available upon request. Please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require

For Undergraduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $28.39 - $35.92. Rates are based on the number of completed work terms to a maximum of 6 terms.

For Graduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $35.92 - $39.51. Rates are based on the number of completed school terms to a maximum of 3 terms.

This posting is for an existing vacancy within our team.







Position Location:	In-person
Work Location - Street Address:	1 The Canadian Rd.
Work Location - City, Prov/State:	Oakville, ON
Salary:	$26.00 - $29.99/hr
Hours Per Week:	40
Number of Positions:	1