DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

Co-op and Internship opportunities allow you to gain valuable work experience across a number of the businesses at TD. You will work with experienced colleagues, receive world class training, and be part of a community of students across TD, where you will have an impact, grow as individual and experience our culture of care.

Role

Our Co-op/Intern Programming is offered with select Co-op and Internship roles, and is designed to help you better understand the TD business, build on critical career capabilities, and broaden your professional network. This program is designed to complement your on-the job experience and features:

Leadership talks with key Leaders from across the organization
Lunch and Learns on topics such as Innovation
Diversity and Inclusion and Personal Branding and so much more

Job Description

The Enterprise DevOps pipeline helps TD get to market faster on public cloud by enabling "Self-service" environment creation, and modularization of both the application and the infrastructure through the pipeline.

You will take part working and contributing towards various development work, building up new DevOps tools to enable deployment of Azure public cloud services. Day 1, you will treated as an equal member of the team and given meaningful assignments to help us deliver improvements to our technology platforms.

This may include, but is not limited to the following:

Work on DevOps development, design, and build, managing tools for Enterprise-wide technology including Nexus binary repository, GitHub code repository, Jenkins, CI/CD engine, Terraform, Sonarqube, & Aquasec
Learn to develop and write Python, Java, shell scripts and groovy code
Learn to setup a development environment with docker, and development tools
Learn about cloud security, working with various cloud security tools, policies and secrets management
Work with DevOps and cloud tools including GitHub, Terraform, Nexus, Jenkins, Xeebia Release & Deploy, Hashicorp Vault, Aquasec, Bitbucket
Gain exposure to Salt, DNS, Redhat Satellite, Datadog, Sensu, SQL, Splunk, Mongo
Learn cloud services including Azure machine learning, Azure SQL, Azure data lake (ADLS), Azure Kubernetes, Azure function, Azure Databrick, etc.
Review and assess new technologies and work through testing, validation, and integration for TD internal tools & systems
Continuously enhance knowledge/expertise and keep current with leading-edge technologies trends/developments and develop expertise in TD services, applications, infrastructure, analytical tools and techniques that can contribute to effective solution development/delivery

Job Requirements

Currently enrolled in a relevant technology programs, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology Management, Financial Analysis and Risk Management, Computing, etc.
Knowledge of python and/ or java programming is required
Ideal candidate is a well-rounded developer, with an understanding of DevOps and Cloud tools/ platforms and an enthusiasm to deepen their knowledge and expertise through hands-on experience engineering TD's DevOps pipeline

Additional Information

Please note that this is a general posting. If you are selected for an interview, more information regarding which business group and the specific job duties will be provided. Additionally, we are open to all years of study but primarily target 3rd & 4th year students.

Early Talent Requirements

This position is a 4-month work term and will commence May 4th – August 21st , 2026.
Applications must include a resume (maximum of 2 pages). 
We welcome all applications; however, we will only contact qualified candidates chosen for an interview. Thank you for your interest.
TD requires employees to reside in Canada where the role is located. Successful candidates are expected to arrange relocation to one of our Toronto offices in a hybrid model (4 days per week in office).

Assigned Line Of Business Requirements

Please note that the line of business that you are assigned to may require specific skills not mentioned in this posting

HOURS

Monday-Friday, standard business hours