Quality Assurance Developer I (Co-op) - Canada
CategoryInternships, Apprenticeships, and Co-Ops
Job ID2007059

Job Description
Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Applications are accepted until further notice. 

This role may be eligible for remote work in the Canada depending on business needs and hiring manager approval.

Meet the Team 

Work with the Software Quality Assurance (SQA) team. Our Accedian team develops outstanding network monitoring solutions, based on award-winning hardware, FPGA and software solutions that are deployed in carrier networks and on enterprise premises. 

Your Impact 

As a member of the Software Quality Assurance (SQA) team, you will play a vital role in ensuring the quality of Accedian products before delivery to customers. You will collaborate closely with Hardware, FPGA, Software developers, and senior SQA specialists to test new prototypes and improve existing test coverage, thereby contributing to product reliability and customer satisfaction. 

Minimum Qualifications 

Currently enrolled in a certification program (e.g., Boot Camp, Apprenticeship, Community College) or currently enrolled in an undergraduate degree program. Relevant fields include Computer Science, Computer Engineering, electrical engineering, or a related program or other academic certification 

Proficiency in at: Python with evidence of recent (within the past 12 months) coursework, projects, or work experience. 

Strong understanding of Linux and fundamental networking concepts 

Collaboration & Communication: Tried ability to communicate effectively and collaborate within a team environment, contributing to collective problem-solving and project success. 

Able to legally live and work in the country for which you're applying, without visa support or sponsorship and have an authorized co-op with your school 

Preferred Qualifications 

Collaboration & Communication: Tried ability to communicate effectively and collaborate within a team environment, contributing to collective problem-solving and project success. 

Protocol Analyzer Familiarity: Familiarity with network protocol analyzers such as Wireshark or tcpdump, proven through coursework or practical use. 

Bilingual Communication: Ability to communicate optimally in both French and English (written and verbal). 

Why Cisco? 
At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere. 

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you. 

Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:
Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location, market conditions, job-related skillset, experience, qualifications, education, certifications, and/or training. The full salary range for certain locations is listed below. For locations not listed below, the recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process.

U.S. employees are offered benefits, subject to Cisco’s plan eligibility rules, which include medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, paid parental leave, short and long-term disability coverage, and basic life insurance. Please see the Cisco careers site to discover more benefits and perks.  Employees may be eligible to receive grants of Cisco restricted stock units, which vest following continued employment with Cisco for defined periods of time.

U.S. employees are eligible for paid time away as described below, subject to Cisco’s policies:

10 paid holidays per full calendar year, plus 1 floating holiday for non-exempt employees

1 paid day off for employee’s birthday, paid year-end holiday shutdown, and 4 paid days off for personal wellness determined by Cisco

Non-exempt employees** receive 16 days of paid vacation time per full calendar year, accrued at rate of 4.92 hours per pay period for full-time employees

Exempt employees participate in Cisco’s flexible vacation time off program, which has no defined limit on how much vacation time eligible employees may use (subject to availability and some business limitations)

80 hours of sick time off provided on hire date and each January 1st thereafter, and up to 80 hours of unused sick time carried forward from one calendar year to the next

Additional paid time away may be requested to deal with critical or emergency issues for family members

Optional 10 paid days per full calendar year to volunteer

For non-sales roles, employees are also eligible to earn annual bonuses subject to Cisco’s policies.

Employees on sales plans earn performance-based incentive pay on top of their base salary, which is split between quota and non-quota components, subject to the applicable Cisco plan. For quota-based incentive pay, Cisco typically pays as follows:

.75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota;

1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%;

1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and

Once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation.

For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, Cisco may pay 0% up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.

The applicable full salary ranges for this position, by specific state, are listed below:

New York City Metro Area:

$44,000.00 - $185,000.00
Non-Metro New York state & Washington state:

$44,000.00 - $185,000.00
* For quota-based sales roles on Cisco’s sales plan, the ranges provided in this posting include base pay and sales target incentive compensation combined.

** Employees in Illinois, whether exempt or non-exempt, will participate in a unique time off program to meet local requirements.