About the job
About Kinaxis

In 1984, we started out as a team of three engineers. Today, we have grown to become a global organization with over 2000 employees around the world, with a brand-new HQ based in Kanata North in Ottawa. As one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People (2024), we want to help you take the first step in crafting your career journey.

At Kinaxis, we power the world’s supply chains to help preserve the planet’s resources and enrich the human experience. As a global leader in end-to-end supply chain management, we enable supply chain excellence for all industries, with more than 40,000 users in over 100 countries. We are expanding our team as we continue to innovate and revolutionize how we support our customers.

About The Team

The Data & Analytics team at Kinaxis drives transformation into a data-driven organization. By designing and governing scalable, modern data ecosystems, we ensure reliable, high-quality, and accessible data that empowers decision-making across the company. Our expertise spans data integration, engineering, governance, business intelligence, and cloud cost optimization.

As a Data & Analytics Intern/Co-op Student, you will have the opportunity to gain hands-on experience and develop skills in data integration, engineering, modeling, business intelligence, and observability. Working alongside experienced team members, you will help transform legacy systems into a cloud-native, modern data stack and create innovative data products that drive Kinaxis’ decision-making. By contributing to the innovation of Kinaxis' data ecosystem, you will gain practical experience while playing a part in the company’s growth and success.

 Location 

If in Ottawa or Toronto, you must be in the office at least three days a week. Other Canadian Locations - Remote

Term Duration

This is a full-time, 8 month position, starting May 2026

Canadian Citizenship or Permanent Residency is required to obtain CGRP Security Clearance, a requirement of the role

Co-op or Intern

This position is open to co-ops and interns. To be eligible for a Co-op or Intern position at Kinaxis, you must either be currently enrolled in full-time education or, if you are a recent/upcoming graduate, your graduation date must be within 12 months of the placement end date.

Vacancy Status

This is an existing job vacancy.

What You Will Do

Modernization & Development

 Assist in modernizing data systems with cloud-based tools. 
 Learn and apply modern data engineering practices and tools under guidance. 
 Develop basic data pipelines and integrations. 
 Participate in data validation, cleansing, and error-handling mechanisms to maintain data quality. 
 Stay updated on the latest technology trends relevant to your role. 

Collaboration & Solution Design

 Work with team members to gather requirements and support small-scale data-driven solutions. 
 Contribute to team planning and the execution of data projects. 
 Troubleshoot issues while focusing on learning and skill development. 
 Work in an agile environment to deliver tasks collaboratively. 

Insights & Enablement

 Create simple data models and dashboards to provide actionable insights to stakeholders. 
 Build and maintain visually appealing BI reports/dashboards. 

Storytelling & Influence

 Learn to deliver compelling presentations to engage and inform stakeholders. 

Exciting Opportunities for you

 Learn how to modernize legacy systems using cutting-edge cloud-native technologies. 
 Gain hands-on experience in developing data products that create a tangible impact. 
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver innovative data solutions. 

What We Are Looking For

 Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree program in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields. 
 Exposure to SQL, Python, or data pipeline tools (e.g., Airflow, dbt) through coursework or previous projects. 
 Exposure to BI tools such as PowerBI and/or Looker is a plus 
 Basic understanding of software engineering principles, including CI/CD pipelines, version control (Git), and RESTful APIs. 
 Basic knowledge of database concepts and different types of data models. 
 Interest in infrastructure-as-code (Terraform) and/or configuration-as-code (Ansible) is a plus. 
 A passion for learning and solving technical challenges. 
 Must be a Canadian Citizen or a Permanent Resident due to CGRP security requirements 

We’re accepting applications now through end of day on January 26, 2026 Please note that we may begin reviewing applications before the posting closes, so early submission is encouraged.

Work With Impact: Our platform directly helps companies power the world’s supply chains. We see the results of what we do out in the world every day—when we see store shelves stocked, when medications are available for our loved ones, and so much more.

Work with Fortune 500 Brands: Companies across industries trust us to help them take control of their integrated business planning and digital supply chain. Some of our customers include Ford, Unilever, Yamaha, P&G, Lockheed-Martin, and more.

 Social Responsibility at Kinaxis:  Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Committee weighs in on hiring practices, talent assessment training materials, and mandatory training on unconscious bias and inclusion fundamentals. Sustainability is key to what we do and we’re committed to net-zero operations strategy for the long term. We are involved in our communities and support causes where we can make the most impact.

People matter at Kinaxis and these are some of the perks and benefits we created for our team:

 Flexible vacation and Kinaxis Days (company-wide day off on the last Friday of every month) 
 Flexible work options 
 Physical and mental well-being programs 
 Regularly scheduled virtual fitness classes 
 Mentorship programs and training and career development 
 Recognition programs and referral rewards 
 Hackathons 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the company’s blog at http://blog.kinaxis.com .

Kinaxis welcomes candidates to apply to our inclusive community. We provide accommodations upon request to ensure fairness and accessibility throughout our recruitment process for all candidates, including those with specific needs or disabilities. If you require an accommodation, please reach out to us at recruitmentprograms@kinaxis.com. Please note that this contact information is strictly for accessibility requests and cannot be used to inquire about application statuses.

Kinaxis is committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process. We use artificial intelligence (AI) tools in the initial step of the recruitment process to compare submitted resumes against the job description, to identify candidates whose education, experience and skills most closely match the requirements of the role. After the initial screening, all subsequent decisions regarding your application, including final selection, are made by our human recruitment team. AI does not make any final hiring decisions.