
About Pinterest:

Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.

Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the flexibility to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.

With more than 550 million users around the world and 300 billion ideas saved, Pinterest Machine Learning interns help build personalized experiences to help Pinners create a life they love. With just over 3,000 global employees, our teams are small, mighty, and still growing. At Pinterest, you’ll experience hands-on access to an incredible vault of data and contribute large-scale recommendation systems in ways you won’t find anywhere else.


Note to applicants:

By applying to this role, you will be considered for multiple intern roles open across our various ML teams. Please only apply once as multiple applications may delay our recruitment process.

As a Machine Learning Intern at Pinterest, you’ll work on tackling new challenges in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Throughout your internship, you’ll join our engineering teams as we maneuver through exponential growth and massive scale while building awesome products and features, creating visually rich experiences, spearheading the discovery problem, and pinpointing tomorrow’s engineering challenges.


What you’ll do:

Lead your own project start to finish to contribute in cutting-edge research in machine learning and artificial intelligence that can be applied to Pinterest problems
Collect, analyze, and synthesize findings from data and build intelligent data-driven models
Write clean, efficient, and sustainable code
Use machine learning, natural language processing, and graph analysis to solve modeling and ranking problems across discovery, ads and search
Scope and independently solve moderately complex problems
Demonstrate accountability for the quality and completion of your tasks and projects, collaborating with your team and seeking guidance as needed

What we are looking for:

Working towards a Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, ML, NLP, Statistics, Information Sciences or related field
Machine Learning (ranking, computer vision, NLP, content recommendations, embedding, information retrieval etc)
Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop/Spark) and scalable realtime systems that process stream data
Proficiency in at least one systems language (Java, C++, Python) or one ML framework (Tensorflow, Pytorch, MLFlow)
Experience in research and in solving analytical problems
Strong communicator and team player with the ability to find solutions for open-ended problems
Why Intern at Pinterest?

Meaningful Work: Contribute to projects that impact millions of users worldwide.
Mentorship: Learn from and be guided by experienced engineers and researchers in the field.
Growth and Development: Participate in professional development workshops and networking events to build your skills and connections.
This onsite internship will be based in our Toronto office requiring a few days in office. Our program will run from September 17, 2026 - December 11, 2026 in a full-time capacity during typical business hours between Monday-Friday.

In-Office Requirement Statement:

We let the type of work you do guide the collaboration style. That means we're not always working in an office, but we continue to gather for key moments of collaboration and connection.
This role will need to be in the office for in-person collaboration [2-3 weekdays per week] and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance from one of the following offices [Toronto].

Relocation Statement:

This position may be eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.
#LI-HYBRID

#LI-AG4

Our Commitment to Inclusion:

Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete this form for support.