BDO Digital is looking for a Co-op or Intern, DevOps Engineer to join the AppDev team from May to August 2026. This is a net new role and responsibilities will include: 

Designing, managing, supporting, and maintaining defined customers Azure cloud environments as well as security controls for the environments
Building and maintaining continuous delivery pipelines using GitHub and Terraform for Infrastructure as Code
Writing scripts and automation using PowerShell, CLI and Python
Designing and implementing tasks in CI/CD pipelines and tools (e.g. Jenkins)
Developing and maintaining Azure security policies
Contributing to existing or new service offerings for our customers
Verifying and resolving configuration and other non-software related issues
Creating and improving processes to improve overall Cloud operations and continue to keep apprised on DevOps, Microsoft Azure & other cloud based technologies 
How do we define success for your role?

You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration
You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; client describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work
You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients
You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent
You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace
You grow your expertise through learning and professional development.
Your experience and education

Candidate for Math, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
Infrastructure as Code (IaC) / Terraform
Python
PowerShell or Shell Scripting
Jenkins or GitHub or Azure DevOps
Azure REST API
Knowledge of Kubernetes, Azure SQL (Standalone, MI, DW), Azure Synapse Studio, Polybase, ADF, Databricks, Azure ML, MLFlow, ADLS g2, ADC g2, AKV, HSM is an asset.
The expected range of compensation for this role is $51,000-$78,000.


Why BDO?

Our people-first approach to talent has earned us a spot among Canada’s Top 100 Employers for 2025. This recognition is a milestone we’re thrilled to add to our collection of awards for both experienced and student talent experiences. 

Our firm is committed to providing an environment where you can be successful in the following ways: 

We enable you to engage with how we change and evolve, being a key contributor to the success and growth of BDO in Canada. 

We help you become a better professional within our services, industries, and markets with extensive opportunities for learning and development. 

We support your achievement of personal goals outside of the office and making an impact on your community.

Giving back adds up: Where company meets community. BDO is actively involved in our communities by supporting local charity initiatives. We support staff with local and national events where you will be given the opportunity to contribute to your community.


Total rewards that matter: We pay for performance with competitive total cash compensation that recognizes and rewards your contribution. We provide flexible benefits from day one, and a market leading personal time off policy. We are committed to supporting your overall wellness beyond working hours and provide reimbursement for wellness initiatives that fit your lifestyle.


Everyone counts: We believe every employee should have the opportunity to participate and succeed. Through leadership by our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Leader, we are committed to a workplace culture of respect, inclusion, and diversity. We recognize and celebrate the valuable differences among each of us, including race, religious beliefs, physical or mental disabilities, age, place of origin, marital status, family status, gender or gender identity and sexual orientation. If you require accommodation to complete the application process, please contact us.

Flexibility: All BDO personnel are expected to spend some of their time working in the office, at the client site, and virtually unless accommodations or alternative work arrangements are in place.

Our model is a blended approach designed to support the flexible needs of our people, the firm and our clients. It’s about creating work experiences that meet everyone’s needs and providing flexibility to adjust when, where and how we work to meet the expectations of our role.

