Summer 2026: Cloud Engineer, Co-op
Mississauga, OntarioPointClickCare – SaaS Ops /Student /Hybrid
At PointClickCare our mission is simple: to help providers deliver exceptional care. And that starts with our people. As a leading health tech company that’s founder-led and privately held, we empower our employees to push boundaries, innovate, and shape the future of healthcare.

With the largest long-term and post-acute care dataset and a Marketplace of 400+ integrated partners, our platform serves over 30,000 provider organizations, making a real difference in millions of lives. We also reinvest a significant percentage of our revenue back into research and development, ensuring our employees have the resources to innovate and make a lasting impact. Recognized by Forbes as a top private cloud company and honored as one of Canada’s Most Admired Corporate Cultures, we offer flexibility, growth opportunities, and meaningful work. 

At PointClickCare, we empower our people to be the architects of a smarter healthcare future; one that is human-first and accelerated by AI to create meaningful and lasting change. Employees harness AI as a catalyst for creativity, productivity, and thoughtful decision-making. By integrating AI tools into our daily workflows, collaboration is enhanced, outcomes are improved, and every team member has the proficiency to maximize their impact. It all starts with our hiring practices where we uncover AI expertise that complements our mission, and we continue to invest in training and development to nurture innovation throughout the employee journey.

Join us in redefining healthcare — so it doesn’t just survive, it thrives. To learn more about PointClickCare, check out Life at PointClickCare and connect with us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn.

For hybrid roles, we ask that students live within a commutable distance to the office listed in the posting. Co-op students will work in the office at least two days a week, including Wednesdays, so they can spend meaningful time with their leader or mentor and their team for real-time coaching, feedback, and support. In-office expectations will be discussed and agreed on with your manager during the interview process. 

The SaaS Operations team (SaaS Ops) is currently growing to support the deployment of new and existing products. Aligning with the movement towards continuous delivery, automated production deployments and migration to the cloud, SaaS Ops is looking for a highly motivated Cloud Engineer Co-op to work collaboratively with development, engineering, and operations resources. The focus of this role is the successful implementation and management of our cloud initiatives that support efficient, robust, scalable, and secure solutions to meet business requirements and technology strategies. This includes collaborating on the planning, designing and production implementation.

Work Location: This is a hybrid role, based out of our Mississauga Office 

Work Term Length: 
• Work Term: 4 months
• Planned Start Date: May 4, 2026 
• Planned End Date: August 21, 2026 

Salary: 

• Compensation: [$30 per hour], aligned to your level, program, and term length. 
• This is a paid co-op/internship position. 
What's in it for you?
Work on OnPrem/Azure/AWS.
Work within a cross-functional team of Cloud Engineers, App Admins, DBAs and DevOps to specify, design, develop, test, and implement cloud services and solutions
Leverage industry best practices in defining and tuning appropriate on-demand cloud deployment architectures with security in mind
Identify, implement and support application monitoring solutions for cloud deployments
Ensure work is fully tested, documented and highly automated
Programmatically automate routine cloud deployment, administration, and monitoring tasks
Oversee the defining, documenting and training of SaaS Ops admins on critical cloud deployment related processes
What you'll learn at PointClickCare:
How technology, data, and AI come together to improve healthcare outcomes.
What it means to work in an agile, cross-functional team environment.
How to collaborate, communicate, and problem-solve like a pro.
Skills that go beyond your co-op term — from industry knowledge to leadership and innovation.
A peek into the future of digital health (and how you can help shape it).
Your Impact:
Help create software that improves the lives of seniors and care providers every day.
Be part of projects that support healthcare professionals delivering exceptional care.
Contribute your ideas and perspective — innovation starts with fresh voices.

Who are we looking for?
Enrolled in an undergraduate degree or diploma majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, IT or related field
Familiarity with core infrastructure technologies such as Active Directory, DNS, FTP, SMTP, Load Balancers and Firewalls, etc
Familiarity with automation tools such as Puppet, Bamboo, Ansible, Rundeck, Terraform, Artifactory, etc.
Ability to use AI agents for dev productivity
Strong understanding and writing of code with familiarity of Python, Groovy, Powershell, or GoLang
Familiarity with Docker, and Kubernetes (AKS, EKS)
How should I apply?
Apply directly through our careers site or your school’s co-op portal by February 3 by 11:59pm EST.
Show us who you are — we love seeing projects, portfolios, or stories that highlight your curiosity and creativity.
If you meet the requirements above and the opportunity excites you, we want to hear from you!
We review every application carefully and will be in touch if there’s a fit.