Position Title:	Co-op May 2026 - Advanced Vetronics Software Development, M1A1 Battle Tank - 4-16 Month
Position Description:	
Company Description

At General Dynamics Mission Systems-Canada, we develop innovative products and solutions that make platforms smarter - enhancing security, safety, and operational advantage while protecting nations and strengthening communities. Here, your work matters. Every day, you'll contribute to projects that strengthen national security and advance technological capabilities.

Job Description

The General Dynamics Mission Systems - Canada Advanced Vetronic Systems (AVS) team has a requirement for an Electrical/Software/Computer Engineering student to contribute to the development and integration of an embedded control panel display which is being developed for the M1A1 Abrams main battle tank.

Most of our tank control products have an ARM microprocessor running external interfaces such as Ethernet, USB, CAN bus, MIL-STD-1553 bus, or RS422, and are used by our military customers to display battlefield maps, commander or gunner turret controls, etc. Our Video products run an embedded Linux on a more powerful ARM processor, relying on Ethernet connections to push compressed video streams around a vehicle, giving the soldiers inside a better view of what's happening outside. The product for this position is a blend of both technologies, and provides the solider with video feeds on the screen as well as controls for the thermal viewer and turret motion. The successful candidate will contribute to the development and execution of test cases, which means by the end of the term, you will know how to control a tank's gun sight!

Responsibilities

Analysis of software requirements
Development of software features
Closure of software defects
Unit Test Development
Product Integration (in an M1A1 Tank!)
Potential for development of DevOps tools
Development of automated tests
It is a requirement that General Dynamics Mission Systems-Canada be registered with the Canadian Controlled Goods program and that all of its workforce be security assessed. Successful applicants must meet all applicable security requirements, including but not limited to the ability to obtain and maintain a Canadian government security clearance. Applicants may be required to meet additional security requirements in order to gain access to technical data, classified areas or information that is subject to international regulations. You must be eligible to work in Canada

Additional Information

Compensation

The expected hourly rate for this position is $23.08 - $32.41. Final compensation will be determined based on your relevant work experience to date. As part of student placement, you will be eligible for quarterly pay increases.

Why Students Love Working Here

Purposeful Innovation & Problem Solving: You'll work alongside experienced professionals and some of the brightest minds in the defence sector, gaining hands-on experience with next-generation technologies. This is a place where your ideas are encouraged, creativity is valued, and you'll be supported as you learn and help drive modern, practical solutions.
Connection & Mentorship: Through onboarding to your career journey with us, you will work with teammates that are excited to share their experience and develop your skills. Have meaningful interactions, ask questions, and build relationships that can lead to lasting industry connections.
Perks & Highlights:
Eligibility for future co-ops or full-time roles
Flexible work hours and compressed workweek options
Hybrid work model (where applicable)
Networking opportunities across teams and disciplines
Onsite amenities and social events (gym, bike storage, trivia, appreciation events, etc.)
Corporate discounts
Accommodation
If you require accommodation during any stage of the application process, please contact Human Resources via recruitment@gd-ms.ca.

Position Requirements:	
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's degree program in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Engineering. An ideal candidate will have experience or demonstrated interest in the following:
SW Languages: C/C++, Python, GoLang
OS: Linux (Ubuntu, shell), Windows 10/11
Interfaces: Ethernet (TCP/IP networking, SSH), CAN bus, MIL-STD-1553
SW Tools: Git and GitLab CI/CD, Confluence, DOORS requirements management system
Office Tools: Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint
Interest in developing software requirements and test procedures for vehicle systems
Interest in embedded systems and video processors
Soft skills: Innovative and a self-starter, with excellent communication and teamwork skills, ability to multi-task and problem solve
Exposure to software/hardware integration and test, and working from interface control documents
Experience working in a team environment with systems, software and hardware engineering peers
Position Location:	In-person
Work Location - Street Address:	1941 Robertson Rd
Work Location - City, Prov/State:	Nepean, Ontario
Salary:	$23.00 - $25.99/hr
Hours Per Week:	38
Number of Positions:	1