About the job
Title: Co-op/Intern, Data Engineering - Summer 2026

Location: Toronto, ON or Vancouver, BC

Term: 4 months

Start Date: May 4th, 2025

Openings: 1

We’re looking for a self-driven individual seeking a co-op opportunity with a high-profile tech company. We believe that talent and valuable skills come from many paths. That's why this role is open to individuals from diverse backgrounds, including those looking to change careers with transferable skills, immigrants eager for local work experience, and people rejoining the workforce after a leave (such as parental, retirement, or a career transition), as well as students pursuing traditional co-op work terms.

Overview

Our Data Analysis & Visualization team seeks motivated and proactive co-op students to join us for the Fall 2025 term. The successful candidates will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, learning and contributing to various Finance functions while developing their skills.

Responsibilities by Team (could include but are not limited to):

In this role, you will be integral to the development and maintenance of our data infrastructure. You will have the opportunity to work with large datasets and contribute to the foundation of our data-driven insights.

Design, construct, and maintain scalable data pipelines and ETL processes to support our analytics and business intelligence teams.
Collaborate with data analysts and other stakeholders to understand data requirements and provide robust, efficient data solutions.
Contribute to the enhancement of our data architecture, ensuring data quality, integrity, and accessibility across the organization.
Develop documentation for data models, data flows, and system processes to support knowledge sharing and team collaboration.

Requirements

Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program, preferably in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related technical field.
Proficiency in a programming language such as Python, Java, or Scala.
Solid understanding of SQL and experience with relational or non-relational databases.
Familiarity with data modeling, data warehousing, and ETL/ELT concepts.
Strong problem-solving skills and a keen eye for detail.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment.
A demonstrated passion for data engineering and an eagerness to learn new technologies.

Benefits

Gain hands-on experience in Data Analysis & Visualizations Operations.
Develop and enhance data-driven knowledge and skills.
Opportunity to work with a dynamic and collaborative team.
Potential for future employment opportunities upon completion of the co-op term.

We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. If you are interested in this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and cover letter for consideration.

Who You Are

Solution seeker: You’re focused on tackling new challenges, solving problems, and moving the business forward—and you don’t wait to be asked.
Lifelong learner: You have a growth mindset – you’re here to learn, experiment, seek, apply, and provide feedback, share what works with your team, and move on from what doesn’t.
Resilient adapter: In the face of change and challenges, you bring a thoughtful, calm approach and a focus on finding new opportunities.
Intentional collaborator. You build positive working relationships across the business, bringing people together to foster new opportunities and to facilitate the efficient flow of information.
Critical challenger: You have the trust in your team to ask difficult questions in order to get to the best end result.
Active communicator: You listen actively and communicate ideas and information clearly, inclusively, and proactively.
Integrated thinker: You look beyond your role and responsibilities to understand how your team’s work drives broader organizational goals.
Accountable owner: You take pride in the work you’re responsible for with a mindset of ultimate accountability and reliability for the outcomes.
Bar-raiser: You step up to help your team grow and succeed, even when that means going beyond what might be expected.

In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:

Step Up: Show the world what it looks like to live and work by these guiding principles. #StepUp

One Team: Make Hootsuite a place where everyone feels safe, welcome, valued, and empowered to do their best work without compromising who they are. #OneTeam #FreeToBeMe

Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. #CustomerObsessed

Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. #GoFastBeAgile

Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. #PlayToWin #NoExcuses

Neighbours & Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. #SocialForGood #Allies

Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

Canada Pay Range For This Role
$46,100—$55,400 CAD
Use of AI in Hiring

Hootsuite uses artificial intelligence (AI) to support our recruitment process. These tools may assist with screening and assessing applicants and / or summarizing interview feedback. All final hiring decisions are made by human decision-makers who use their professional judgement to review and evaluate relevant candidate information in addition to AI outputs. For more information about how we use AI and your rights, please see our Careers Privacy Policy.