Description
Join our team as a Cloud Engineering Intern and gain hands-on experience working with cutting-edge cloud technologies. You’ll contribute to automation initiatives, infrastructure provisioning, and configuration management while collaborating with a global team.

Position Responsibilities:

Work with cloud platform technologies such as Azure and AWS.

Provision cloud infrastructure using Terraform and manage configurations with Ansible.

Develop automation solutions to enhance or replace manual tasks using Ansible or Terraform.

Present completed automation work in a 10-minute demo to the team and leadership.

Collaborate with team members to support cloud operations and improve efficiency.

Required Qualifications:

Currently pursuing an undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field

Understanding of cloud technologies.

Proficiency in at least one scripting language (e.g., Python, Bash).

Strong analytical skills.

Knowledge of operating system management.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Ansible and Terraform (nice to have).

Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.

When you join our team:

We’ll empower you to learn and grow the career you want.

We’ll recognize and support you in a flexible environment where well-being and inclusion are more than just words.

As part of our global team, we’ll support you in shaping the future you want to see.

Application instructions:  

Submit your resume, cover letter, academic transcript, and work term evaluation (if any) in one PDF file.  

Note: Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. 

#LI-Hybrid 

About Manulife and John Hancock

Manulife Financial Corporation is a leading international financial services provider, helping people make their decisions easier and lives better. To learn more about us, visit https://www.manulife.com/en/about/our-story.html.

Manulife is an Equal Opportunity Employer

At Manulife/John Hancock, we embrace our diversity. We strive to attract, develop and retain a workforce that is as diverse as the customers we serve and to foster an inclusive work environment that embraces the strength of cultures and individuals. We are committed to fair recruitment, retention, advancement and compensation, and we administer all of our practices and programs without discrimination on the basis of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, religion or religious beliefs, creed, sex (including pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions), sexual orientation, genetic characteristics, veteran status, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, or any other ground protected by applicable law.

It is our priority to remove barriers to provide equal access to employment. A Human Resources representative will work with applicants who request a reasonable accommodation during the application process. All information shared during the accommodation request process will be stored and used in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws and Manulife/John Hancock policies. To request a reasonable accommodation in the application process, contact recruitment@manulife.com.

Working Arrangement

Hybrid
