Technical Analyst, Summer 2026 (Co-op/Internship) -4 Months
Apply
locations
Toronto, ON, CAN
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 9 Days Ago
job requisition id
R260000580
Application Deadline:

01/29/2026
Address:

33 Dundas Street West
Job Family Group:

Technology
As a co-op/intern student at BMO, you will have the opportunity to be heard, keep growing and make a difference.  

You will be part of our campus program to gain the skills and knowledge needed to take on roles similar to the description listed below.

Our student experience is designed to integrate you to the BMO team from day one by adding value in the work you do.  You will have the opportunity to participate in programs such as the Women in Technology Mentorship Program, BMO First Friend peer assignment, BMO Social Squad student-led activities, BMO U corporate learning platform and access to various Employee Resource Groups to further develop your network within BMO.

Note: Only students currently enrolled in an academic program and returning to their studies will be considered for Co-op/Internship opportunities. Students who recently graduated are invited to apply to our New Grad opportunities which are available at https://jobs.bmo.com/ca/en/new-grad

Interested in learning more about our campus program? Stay up-to-date with BMO Campus Recruitment by following us on Instagram @BMO_on_Campus or joining our LinkedIn group BMO Campus Recruiting & Early Talent.

To apply for this opportunity, please submit your resume and an unofficial copy of your academic transcript. By applying for this general posting, you will be considered for a number of different student opportunities across multiple locations. If you are selected to move forward, you will be provided additional information.

Investigates and identifies strategies to optimize business operations and services, and inform business decisions. Defines business requirements to inform technology build and operations by sourcing and analyzing relevant data, reviewing and documenting business processes and collaborating with business stakeholders. Sources business and market data to evaluate the effect of projects on business results. Also assesses the efficiency and the performance of technology (software, hardware and the wider IT system) to deliver expected business results. Identifies and analyzes malfunctions, system workflow, and troubleshoots issues raised by business.

Elicits requirements and analyzes feasibility to ensure solutions/initiatives achieve the expected business outcomes.
Supports various project teams across the project lifecycle to ensure development is aligned with the business requirements.
Develops informative, coherent, and usable project documents (project artifacts) for multiple stakeholders covering functional and non-functional business requirements.
Applies depth of domain & functional expertise for the assigned portfolio to drive the expected business value.
Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.
Builds tests cases in order to validate business requirements and End-User Testing results.
Focus may be on a business/group.
Thinks creatively and proposes new solutions.
Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules.
Works mostly independently.
Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
Qualifications:

Foundational level of proficiency:

Agile Delivery and Development.
Data analysis.
Learning Agility.
Process improvement and optimization.
Organization process optimization.
Business architecture frameworks.
Stakeholder Analysis and Management.
Digital Fluency.
Systems Thinking.
Business requirements definition and analysis.
Insights development and reporting.
Application functional design.
Functional Analysis.
Verbal & written communication skills.
Collaboration & team skills.
Analytical and problem solving skills.
Typically between 3 – 5 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Specialized knowledge from education and/or business experience.
Salary:

$50,100.00 - $93,000.00
Pay Type: 

Salaried
The above represents BMO Financial Group’s pay range and type.

Salaries will vary based on factors such as location, skills, experience, education, and qualifications for the role, and may include a commission structure. Salaries for part-time roles will be pro-rated based on number of hours regularly worked. For commission roles, the salary listed above represents BMO Financial Group’s expected target for the first year in this position.

BMO Financial Group’s total compensation package will vary based on the pay type of the position and may include performance-based incentives, discretionary bonuses, as well as other perks and rewards. BMO also offers health insurance, tuition reimbursement, accident and life insurance, and retirement savings plans. To view more details of our benefits, please visit: https://jobs.bmo.com/global/en/Total-Rewards

About Us

At BMO we are driven by a shared Purpose: Boldly Grow the Good in business and life. It calls on us to create lasting, positive change for our customers, our communities and our people. By working together, innovating and pushing boundaries, we transform lives and businesses, and power economic growth around the world.

As a member of the BMO team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one – for yourself and our customers. We’ll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we’ll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.

To find out more visit us at https://jobs.bmo.com/ca/en.

BMO is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other’s differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To request accommodation, please contact your recruiter.

Note to Recruiters: BMO does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Any unsolicited resumes sent to BMO, directly or indirectly, will be considered BMO property. BMO will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. A recruiting agency must first have a valid, written and fully executed agency agreement contract for service to submit 