About the job
Our Commitment to Students

At Canadian Tire, we are committed to providing students with a supportive and collaborative environment that fosters knowledge sharing and offers key experiences to help them develop their capabilities through projects and objectives. We believe in setting specific and measurable goals that align with our business objectives to support learning and help students achieve their full potential. Our culture emphasizes learning from others, continuous improvement, agility, growth, and innovation, and we are invested in building a talented, diverse workforce for the future of Canada and Canadian Tire. Additionally, we are dedicated to building strong relationships with our student employees by engaging with them throughout their education and career pursuits and creating opportunities for ongoing communication and relationship building.

What You’ll Do

Promote data governance and data management standards, policies, procedures and controls
Continuously assess the current state of our data environment to identify process improvement opportunities such as inefficient table structures, ineffective load processes, R.O.T. or metadata and reference data enhancements
Proactively monitor data, metadata and reference data and support the data stewardship community in resolving identified data quality and data integrity concerns
Maintain data models as well as metadata and documentation such as data glossaries and catalogs, data mappings, data lineage and data classifications
Participate in data integrations as the liaison between I.T., business data owners\stewards and subject matter experts and conduct data profiling and data discovery to support these efforts
Maintain open communication between all data stakeholders, from data producers to consumers, and remain an active enabler of the data governance structure of the Bank

What You Bring

Currently enrolled in a Computer Science or related program
Experienced Microsoft user with proficiencies in Visio, PowerPoint, Excel and Word
Knowledge and understanding of programming concepts and language
Hands-on experience working with structured relational databases and writing SQL queries, preferably in an Oracle Database Environment
Exposure to the following tools or technology an asset: Snowflake, Python, R, Shell Scripting, SAS, basic Linux commands, Databricks, IBM Knowledge Catalog
Exceptional communication skills with the confidence and passion to share knowledge
Creative thinker who is observant to seek new opportunities and perceptive to abstract ideas
Goal driven individual to seek out continuous improvement opportunities
The ability to take a collaborate approach to build strong relationships and have positive team experiences
Flexible and dynamic individual who is able to adjust and prioritize accordingly to adapt to business demands and requirements

We’re always looking for great talent! In addition to competitive pay, we offer:

Career growth opportunities and product discounts

Our typical hiring range is between $23.00 and $37.00 CAD Hourly. Salary decisions are also dependent on other factors such as your experience, job-related knowledge, skills and competencies, market location, industry benchmarks, internal equity and other role-specific requirements.

This posting represents an existing vacancy within our organization.

About Us

At Canadian Tire Services Limited/Canadian Tire Bank, it is our mandate to continue to create innovative and rewarding financial solutions for our customers. Our growing suite of products and services showcase the dynamic contributions from our employees and our success is driven by a strong vision, loyal customers, and our ability to build teams that reflect the diverse customers and communities in which we live and work. Join us, where there's a place for you here.

Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging

We are committed to fostering an environment where belonging thrives, and diversity, inclusion and equity are infused into everything we do. We believe in building an organizational culture where people are consistently treated with dignity while respecting individual religion, nationality, gender, race, age, perceived ability, spoken language, sexual orientation, and identification. We are united in our purpose of being here to help make life in Canada better. .

Accommodations 

We stand firm in our Core Value that inclusion is a must. We welcome and encourage candidates from equity-seeking groups such as people who identify as racialized, Indigenous, 2SLGBTQIA+, women, people with disabilities, and beyond. Should you require any accommodation in applying for this role, or throughout the interview process, please make them known when contacted and we will work with you to help meet your needs.