About the job
Our team at Blackline Safety is growing! As a people-driven technology company, with a mission to make sure every worker returns home safely, we drive innovation, practice resiliency, demonstrate leadership, go the extra mile for our customers, and empower our people to be their best.

Blackline Safety is currently hiring Software Development Interns to help build the next generation of new features and functionality for our highly available, highly scalable safety monitoring platform. Successful candidates will be able to join us for no less than 1 calendar year.

Responsibilities

We are looking for someone capable of the following:

Assist in developing and maintaining high-quality software components and microservices. 
Collaborate with scrum teams to understand requirements and contribute to agile stories. 
Participate in code reviews and learn industry best practices. 
Develop automated software tests. 
Support testing and debugging efforts to ensure product reliability. 
Help keep our services up to date by applying updates, monitoring performance, and assisting with maintenance tasks. 
Gain exposure to cloud technologies, APIs, and modern development tools. 

Skills:

Currently enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related program having completed the third year of the program or later. 
Knowledge of programming languages such as Python, Node, Go, Java, Angular and/or PHP. 
Familiarity with web technologies, databases, or cloud platforms is an asset. 
Familiarity with CICD process is an asset. 
Strong critical thinking skills and eagerness to learn. 
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. 
Able to clearly articulate and discuss project work in depth, including details beyond standard academic coursework. 

About Blackline Safety

Blackline Safety is a world leader in the development and manufacturing of wirelessly connected safety products. We offer the broadest and most complete portfolio available in the industry. Our products are designed to save lives and we monitor personnel working alone in populated areas, complex indoor facilities, and the remote reaches of our planet. Blackline's products are used to keep people safe in the event of falls, missed check-ins, man-downs, and exposure to explosive or toxic gas. Our design, development, sales, marketing, support, and production are all performed in-house at our headquarters in Calgary, AB. Blackline Safety is a publicly-traded company (TSX: BLN). To learn more about our company visit www.blacklinesafety.com

Blackline Safety is powered by the diversity of our talented employees. We are an equal opportunity employer. We consider all applicants, regardless of age, religion, race, color, ancestry, gender, gender identity or expression, disability, national origin, race, or sexual orientation. We enthusiastically encourage all individuals to apply for positions that fit their passions.

Disclaimer: 

Please be advised that Blackline Safety does not request payment or personal financial information at any stage of the recruitment process. Be cautious of any unsolicited job offers or communications that appear suspicious.