Software Analyst Intern (Summer 2026)
Apply
remote type
Hybrid
locations
Toronto
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 4 Days Ago
job requisition id
R1011505
About Us

A career at Hitachi Rail will help create a legacy. With operations in every corner of the world, our work goes to the cutting-edge of digital transformation and technology. From the multi-cultural strength of our global organisation to the sustainable and innovative ways we work to bring people together, there’s something for everyone to get stuck into. And that’s where you come in.

Toronto, Ontario, Canada (Hybrid)
Job Title: Software Analyst Intern

Rail Pass Type: Internship/Co-op (Full-time/Hybrid)  

Departure and Arrival Date (Start -End): May 2026 – August or December 2026 (4-8months) 

Vacancy: 1

Location: 100 Consilium Place, Scarborough, ON M1H 3E3 

Work hours/week: 40 

Pay Details: $23-$30 CAD hourly 

Stations on Your Journey:        

Welcome and Onboarding Station    

Intern Orientation    

Online Onboarding Curriculum  

Buddy Program for mentorship and guidance   

Hands-On Work Station   

Real-world projects with top industry talent  

Paid internship + paid vacation  

Hybrid work model   

A chance to build your career with a global leader driving digital transformation and innovation that helps support sustainable future 

Networking Station        

“Ask Me Anything” with the Executive Committee     

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)   

Social Intern Events: Coffee Breaks, Onsite/Offsite events 

Business Intern Events: Intern Showcase & Graduation ceremony 

Company Social Events:   Holiday Party, Employee BBQs, Golf tournament, etc. 

About This Opportunity 

We are currently hiring a Software Analyst Intern for a summer term position, from May 2026 – August or December 2026 (4-8months) at our Hitachi Rail Signalling and Rail Solutions (SRS) office.

As a member of a collaborative development team, the individual in this role will work within the Test Tools and Test Infrastructure team to perform design, analysis, programming and integration activities in the development of software for train control systems that support Hitachi Rail SRS.

Key Accountabilities   

Understands and follows the company’s processes and procedures for developing or supporting vital software applications

Implements real time systems in C++ and Python or C and with some Assembler

Designs, codes, debugs, writes test procedures and tests software code as well as writing scripts for test automation

Reviews code, test procedures and test results

Analyses and implements corrections for defect reports

Support in-house testing teams to analyze and identify issues

Key Requirements

The successful candidate should be working towards a bachelor’s degree from an accredited university or college in Computer/Electrical Engineering, Computer Science degree or a related field.

Completion of the second or third year of your undergraduate degree, or currently pursuing a master’s degree

Development experience in C/C++ and Python

Knowledge of software architecture

Knowledge of software development environment (desktop simulator, target simulator, McCabe, etc.)

Fluent in English both in written and oral communication skills

The ability to work 40 hours a week for the duration of the internship is essential. Minimum 2 days a week in the office. 

Preferred Qualifications 

Co-op student available for a 4 or 8-month term, with at least one additional quarter or semester of coursework remaining after the completion of the internship.

Previous co-op/internship experience is a plus. 

Experience with Visual Studio 2008, 2017, and 2024

Experience with Linux, Powershell and Bash scripting

Experience in C# and SQL Server, experience in developing test automation tools is considered an asset

Knowledge of modern software engineering practices, methods and tools

Experience with Amazon Web Services and other cloud providers

Knowledge of virtualization technologies, VMware, ESXI or other hypervisor system configuration and management

TCL and Ruby experience is considered an asset