Risk Analyst Student Intern (Summer 2026)
Apply
locations
Toronto - 100 Adelaide St W
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
time left to apply
End Date: January 28, 2026 (7 days left to apply)
job requisition id
R-5660
Venture outside the ordinary - TMX Careers

The TMX group of companies includes leading global exchanges such as the Toronto Stock Exchange, Montreal Exchange, and numerous innovative organizations enhancing capital markets.  United as a global team, we’re connecting cross-functionally, traversing industries and geographies, moving opportunity into action, advancing global economic growth, and propelling progress. Through a rich exchange of ideas, meaningful collaboration, and a nimble operating model, we're powering some of the nation's most critical systems, fueling capital formation and innovation, bringing increased opportunity to business visionaries, product ingenuity to consumers, and career exploration to our team.

Ready to be part of the action?

The Risk Analyst Student Intern will be instrumental in supporting the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program. This role is a vital part of the TMX Group's ERM execution across its main business units and corporate functions. Key responsibilities will include: Assisting with objective certainty reporting, identifying and documenting risk exposures, aggregating data for the quarterly ERM reports and utilizing Generative AI (GenAI) tools to increase the efficiency of data analysis.

This role reports to: Managing Director, Enterprise Risk Management

This role is hybrid (2-3 days/week in the office) - based in Toronto, ON.

Key Accountabilities:

Support the effective execution of the ERM program to relevant business units and corporate functions representing a majority of the revenue of TMX Group including:

Objectives certainty reporting with associated objective centric risk identification and treatment assessment process;

Supporting the first line of defense with identification of relevant risk exposures and existing and potential risk treatments;

Support the quarterly ERM report process by aggregating BUs and CFs information.

Must haves:

Currently working towards an undergraduate degree in Finance, Commerce, Computer Science.

An excellent communicator with strong interpersonal, analytical and research skills

Impeccable administrative and organization skills along with outstanding attention to detail

Technical proficiency with MS Office / Google Suite

A self-starter who is hardworking, flexible and able to work independently as well as part of a dedicated team 

Nice to haves:

Demonstrated interest in and working knowledge of Generative AI (GenAI) applications and tools to enhance efficiency in document review, data analysis, and risk modeling.

Note:

4 month Co-op / Internship: May 4, 2026 - August 28, 2026

In order to be considered for the position, you are required to submit your Knockri Assessment

​Salary Range: 20/hour-25/hour CAD

Please note that the salary range included is a guideline only. The salary offered may vary based on factors, including, but not limited to, the successful candidate’s relevant knowledge, skills, and experience. 

The recruiting efforts for this role are intended to fill a vacant position.

For this role AI-assisted tools are utilised as one input in the application and screening process. AI does not make final hiring or interview decisions.

In the market for…

Excitement - Explore emerging technology and innovation, as well as ventures and digital finance that shape the future of global markets! Experience the movement of the market while grounded in the stability of close to 200 years of success.

Connection - With site hubs in some of the world’s most multicultural cities, we leverage our size and structure to create rich connections and belonging while experiencing powerful global impact through our work.

Impact - More than a platform, we use our talents to power mission-critical systems that drive global economic advancement, innovation, and growth. As well, our employee-led Team Impact spreads social good via our giving strategy.

Wellness - From empathetic leadership to a culture of flexibility and balance, we believe wellness at work creates the maximum yield and a stronger “we”. Plus, with a cloud-first and hybrid workstyle, as well as generous time-off and leaves, we support a life well lived! 

Growth - From a growth mindset in our work, to expansion in our business, TMX is home to action-takers energized by the achievement of ambitious growth.

Ready to enrich your career with impactful work, leaders who truly care, and the flexibility and programs to help you thrive as part of #TeamTMX ? Apply now.