22 St Clair Ave E, Toronto, ON
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 3 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: January 22, 2026 (2 days left to apply)
job requisition id
R2000634488
Location:

22 St. Clair Avenue East, Toronto, Ontario, M4T 2S5
 

 

Position Title: Summer Student, Information Security

Term Length: Summer 2026 (May - August)

Schedule: This is a hybrid position

Position Overview
Reporting to the Manager, Technology Operations, this position will be a team member of the IT support team which provides technical assistance to end-users, performs infrastructure and application troubleshooting on issues reported to the service desk.

Responsibilities:
Identify threats, perform incident response, and communicate intelligence to appropriate stakeholders.
Install, monitor, control, and upgrade security measures for cloud and on-premises IT infrastructure and software.
Perform and remediate network and system vulnerabilities using Nessus Tenable.IO
Cloud Configuration & Loss Prevention solutions like CISCO Umbrella, Palo Alto, Prisma Cloud.
Create, update, and annually review security policies, procedures, and training documentation.
Antivirus, Data Loss Prevention and Endpoint protection tools like Trend Micro, MIP.
Email Security & Data Loss Prevention solutions like Proofpoint
PowerShell ability to design the scripts.
Add value and contribute to the Security Awareness Training programs and email phishing campaigns using KnowBe4 training platform.
Test and evaluate new technology.
Provide support on ad-hoc project work.
Qualifications:
Working knowledge of:

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Practice) methodology
Policy compliance like CIS Benchmark, NIST & Industry standard scoring models such as CVSS
Networking and security protocols (TCP/UDP, SSL/TSL), technologies for SSO and MFA authentication.
Microsoft data protection technologies embedded to Office365, Cloud Application Security Azure.
Endpoint protection and response (EDR) tools like CrowdStrike, Windows Defender EDR.
Intune MDM technology
ISO 2700x, ITIL & ISF
What you bring:

Completed OR In pursuit of College/University Diploma/Degree in the field of Computer Science, IT, Information Security, or equivalent working experience.
Information Security related certification (Security+) is preferred not required.
Good oral and written communication skills
Self-motivated individual
Ability to multitask as required.
Excellent organizational skills
About Choice Properties:
Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust is an owner, manager and developer of well-located retail and commercial real estate across Canada. Choice Properties' portfolio spans approximately 65 million square feet of gross leasable area and consists of over 700 properties primarily focused on supermarket-anchored shopping centers.

 

Choice Properties’ strategy is to create value by enhancing and optimizing its portfolio through high quality transactions, strategic development and active property management. We mainly focus on necessity-based retail, and high-quality industrial and mixed-use assets. In particular, we have a strategic relationship with Loblaw, our largest tenant, that provides us with access to high quality investment opportunities.

 

Our established operating platform with a proven track record of success also provides us with access to a transformational development pipeline that we believe supports superior long-term value creation and growth. A commitment to continuous learning and development is a strong part of our culture.

 

Additional Information:
Choice Properties REIT recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and employees with disabilities.

In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing.  Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us.

Number of Openings:

1
Please Note: If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application.

 

 

Hiring Range / Échelle salariale à l’embauche :
 

 

$35,000.00 - $40,000.00 / 35.000,00$ - 40.000,00$ (per year / par an)
 

 

A candidate’s experience and knowledge as well as the geographical region in which the position is located may be factored into the pay a candidate receives for this position. This posting is for a newly created position. The Company uses artificial intelligence for the purpose of screening, assessing and/or selecting applicants for this position. / L’expérience et les connaissances d’un candidat ainsi que la région géographique dans laquelle le poste est situé peuvent être prises en compte dans la rémunération qu’un candidat reçoit pour ce poste. Cette offre d’emploi concerne un poste nouvellement créé. L’entreprise utilise l’intelligence artificielle dans le but de filtrer, d’évaluer et/ou de sélectionner les candidats à ce poste.