Job Details
Description
Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP is one of Canada's leading business law firms. Advising many of Canada's corporate leaders, as well as U.S. and international parties with extensive interest in Canada, our over 400 lawyers are based in offices in Toronto, Montréal, Ottawa, Calgary, Vancouver and New York.

Osler prides itself on attracting and maintaining some of the brightest talent in the legal arena. Our lawyers, students, management and staff have created a unique firm culture which nurtures mentoring and the exchange of ideas. Osler is a dynamic and exciting place to begin a career or carve out a new path. 

This Junior Web Developer position requires a good base of software and database development skills, some knowledge of the Microsoft SharePoint environment, and experience to assist in the build of the technical infrastructure components that support solutions. It also requires some experience in analytical problem solving and requirements gathering for the deployment of efficient technology solutions. This is a customer facing role and requires a resourceful individual that is confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skills in crisis and expectation management. 

This job posting is for an existing vacancy. The Summer 2026 Co-Op will run from May - August 2026. 

Major Responsibilities and Duties:

Responsible for content updates of the Firm’s Intranet including:
Working with content providers to post new and replacement content as required (articles, lawyer bios, practice area profiles, news items, job postings, graphics, etc.) in agreed to turnaround times
Monitoring the site for incorrect or stale content and advising appropriate personnel of such
Ensuring content is formatted to Osler standards, with attention to spelling, grammar, format/layout, fonts, borders, spacing and sizing/placement of graphics, charts, etc. Assists staff in understanding these standards
Testing and updating all links within the Firm’s web pages
Develops new sections of the corporate site
Troubleshoots performance, availability or access/security problems
Makes suggestions regarding visual design of pages, homepage and other content
Writes test scripts and performs testing of significant Website updates
Position Requirements:

Education and Experience

Current student having completed at least one year of a university degree in Computer or Engineering Sciences. Some relevant working experience in development, design, and distributed/web-based system implementations. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be acceptable. 

Knowledge and Skills

Some knowledge and development experience in SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices
Azure, M365 and SharePoint Developer Patterns and Practices
Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server
SQL, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell
Familiar with Web Design Practices of: HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Familiar with programming language of TypeScript
Familiar with front-end JavaScript library of React
Client-Side Scripting: REST APIs, jQuery, JSON, AJAX
Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft such as OAuth and SSO
Develop solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies
Experience with delivery of websites involving team & project collaboration, corporate communication, and business process portals including financial reporting
May have some experience writing design specifications and data models for Web and dynamic applications 
Strong teamwork and cross-group skills 
Organizational skills to effectively prioritize tasks
Troubleshooting skills to contend with technical difficulties, and analytical skills to assist in the resolution of complicated application integration challenges
Compensation

The range of expected compensation for this position is $21 - $31 per hour. Compensation offered will be based on a variety of factors including job-related knowledge, education, skills and experience. 

We are currently working in a hybrid work arrangement, which includes a requirement to work primarily in the office and flexibility to work remotely up to 2 days per week. 

Accessibility and Accommodation

We thank all applicants for their interest in Osler; however, only chosen applicants will be contacted. Osler is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment, and we welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities and people with diverse backgrounds, identities, and cultures. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates in all phases of the selection process.

Background and Reference Checks

Please note that any offer of employment will be conditional upon background and reference checks, including a criminal record check, credit check, and employment and educational verifications. 

If you have the required background with the ability to provide exceptional customer service and wish to work in one of Canada's leading law firms, please reply in confidence with a cover letter and résumé by the closing date. 

Please note that we use artificial intelligence to screen, assess or select applicants for the position. 