Student, MarTech Software Engineer (Summer 2026)
Apply
locations
Waterloo, Ontario
Sun Life Toronto Atria
Sun Life Waterloo King
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 6 Days Ago
job requisition id
JR00119781
Our student and new graduate programs offer a chance to explore Sun Life from the inside. You’ll make a difference in the lives of our customers and communities, while building the skills and experience that allow you to grow in a meaningful and rewarding way.

Job Description:

The Digital Solutions team is looking for a Co-Op Marketing Technology (MarTech)Software Engineer to work with the MarTech development team to support delivering large-scale Content management applications and MarTech initiatives. The successful candidate is a team player with excellent technical and problem-solving skills.

What will you do?

Collaborate with other team members in developing and delivering high quality web applications that meet business needs

Contribute to defining timelines and plans; analyze and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope

Ensure coding, testing, debugging and implementation activities are completed as required

Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades.

Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment

What do you need to succeed?

Enrolled in University Degree or College Diploma in a related discipline with an August 2026 or later graduation date

Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities

Adaptable to working on teams delivering in a Waterfall or agile style

Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do

Ability to work both independently and as part of a strong, collaborative, multi-site team

Self-directed and proactive

Preferred skills 

Experience developing applications

Knowledge of MarTech platforms such as Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

An understanding of the following: AEM CQ, JCR, Apache Sling, Apache Felix, OSGi, REST, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3

Knowledge and experience with Java, J2EE, Unix/Linux, web and web hosting technologies

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Experience with other Content Management Systems such as OpenText WEM or TeamSite

Experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible)

An understanding of Web applications and server technologies

Experience with open source frameworks such as Spring, Hibernate and Velocity

What's in it for you?

At Sun Life, you will be joining a purpose driven organization focused on helping Canadian’s achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. 

As a student, you’ll make a real impact by contributing to meaningful work, gaining valuable experience and actively working towards your team’s goals.

You’ll join our unique student culture, designed to help you grow both personally and professionally beyond your role. We offer professional development workshops, student awards, socials and many more exciting opportunities. 

We are honored to be recognized as Canada’s Best Employers for Recent Graduates and Canada's Best Workplaces by Great Place to Work in 2025.

our student journey is just the beginning and we're proud to help many who choose Sun Life to transition into permanent roles after graduation. 

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted for. The Base Pay which you will be considered for will vary depending on the Campus program you are selected for.

Eligible Sun Life employees for various Campus Graduate programs will also participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our Clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process, or those needing job postings in an alternative format, may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

We are proud to be a hybrid organization that offers our employees the choice and flexibility to work from both the office and virtually based on the needs of the business, our Clients and you! Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We may use artificial intelligence to support candidate sourcing, screening, interview scheduling.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Job Category:

Temporary Employee
Posting End Date:

28/01/2026