Job Description
Student, Emerging Technologies 

At Fidelity, we’ve been helping Canadian investors build better financial futures for over 35 years.  We offer individuals and institutions a range of trusted investment portfolios and services - and we’re constantly seeking to find new and better ways to help our clients.  As a privately owned company, we boldly embrace innovation in all areas as we continue to grow our business into the future. 

Working with us means you’ll be part of a diverse and dedicated group of people who make a real difference for our clients and networking, business etiquette and emotional intelligence. Fidelity proudly supports various non-profit organizations and provides students with the opportunity to volunteer to make a difference in their community. You’ve worked hard to prepare yourself for a great career. No matter what your undergraduate degree is in, there is an opportunity for you at Fidelity. Communities every day. You’ll have a wide range of opportunities to grow and develop your career in an inclusive environment where you’ll feel valued and supported to be your best - both personally and professionally.

What we provide:

Fidelity offers you the chance to build a career, develop professionally and explore different career paths throughout the company. Students are placed into an area of interest and will be provided with a mentor to support them throughout their journey. We offer our students an extensive training program to help enhance skills in communication, public speaking, networking, business etiquette and emotional intelligence. Fidelity proudly supports various non-profit organizations and provides students with the opportunity to volunteer to make a difference in their community. You’ve worked hard to prepare yourself for a great career. No matter what your undergraduate degree is in, there is an opportunity for you at Fidelity.

How you’ll make an impact:

Within our Emerging Technologies team, we have 3 roles to choose from.  Please indicate in your cover letter which role you are interested in:

Artificial Intelligence and Alternative Data 

As an Artificial Intelligence and Alternative Data Student in Emerging Technologies you’ll be responsible for developing autonomous programs assisting internal stakeholders to transform their manual processes into an automated efficient process using today’s Emerging Technologies using the latest tools in Artificial Intelligence including generative AI.

You will work directly with the existing business, along with engineers, designers, sales, marketing, finance and, others to create a cohesive user experience vision and strategy. You’ll be an important member of the Emerging Technologies team, partnering with engineering, design, data and, analytics to provide a first-class customer experience.

You will have the opportunity to:

Maintain an understanding of financial services markets and customer and user requirements, particularly relating emerging technologies and fin tech
Work with cross-functional solutions teams to deliver integrated automated solutions across the various financial platforms
Have a bias toward action and can break down complex problems into steps that drive fast-paced product development.
Automation 

As an Automation student in Emerging Technologies you’ll be responsible for full-scale design of autonomous programs encompassing the entire product lifecycle from requirement gathering to development and user testing. These solutions assist internal stakeholders to transform their manual processes into an automated efficient process using today’s Emerging Technologies.

You will help re-imagine and define how customers find, buy, customize and manage investments in a digital world. You’ll help define the long-term customer strategy, the technology roadmap and future potential.

You will collaborate closely with engineers, designers, sales, marketing, finance and others to develop a consistent and clear user experience vision and strategy. You’ll be a key member of the Emerging Technologies team, working with engineering, design, data and analytics to deliver a top-notch customer experience.

You will have the opportunity to:

Work with cross-functional solutions teams to deliver integrated automated solutions across the various financial platforms
Maintain an understanding of company services and stakeholder and user requirements, particularly relating emerging technologies and fin tech
Have a bias toward action and can break down complex problems into steps that drive fast-paced product development.
Collect and analyze data on stakeholder preferences and needs to identify potential markets and factors affecting product demand. Conduct product research that will assist in driving feature prioritization.
Research 

As a Research Student in Emerging Technologies you’ll be responsible for researching the latest developments in the technology industry and assisting internal stakeholders to identify market trends in the Emerging Technologies.

You will work directly with the existing Asset Management business, along with engineers, designers, sales, marketing, finance and, others to create a cohesive user experience vision and strategy. You’ll be an important member of the Emerging Technologies team, partnering with engineering, design, data and, analytics to provide a first-class customer experience.

You will have the opportunity to:

Maintain an understanding of financial services markets and customer and user requirements, particularly relating emerging technologies and fin tech
Working with industry partners such as Gartner Research
Work with cross-functional solutions teams to deliver integrated automated solutions across the various financial platforms
Have a bias toward action and can break down complex problems into steps that drive fast-paced product development.
Collect and analyze data on customer preferences and needs to identify potential markets and factors affecting product demand. Conduct market research that will assist in driving feature prioritization.
What we’re looking for:

You understand and are experienced in the evolving digital technology landscape using tools that use automation and logic
Required programming language is Python
You are skilled at using programming logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems
You have experience in managing a project from its conceptualization through to its development, encompassing the entire product lifecycle
You are familiar with using generative AI in small-scale solutions such as writing prompts
You have coding or UI/UX experience
You are data-driven with strong analytical skills
You have advanced skills in recognizing and debugging code.
You have a strong ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (including finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events)
You must be available on a full-time basis for the duration of the term
Instructions: 

Please provide a copy of your resume, cover letter and transcript.

You will be working on a flexible hybrid schedule as part of Fidelity’s dynamic working arrangement.

Competitive Pay for Specialized Talent

This contract role offers a flexible, hourly compensation model that reflects your expertise and the value you bring. The undergraduate IT hourly rate ranges from $25.00 to $29.00, based on experience and qualifications.

We offer market-aligned rates that recognize the specialized skills and agility required for this role.

We’re proud to offer a compensation package that aligns with provincial pay transparency requirements.

This posting is for an existing vacancy within our organization.

Current work authorization for Canada is required for all openings. 

We care a lot about fostering a compassionate, people-centric culture, and are proud to have been named one of Canada’s Top 100 employers for the last five years.

Fidelity Canada is an equal opportunity employer 

Fidelity Canada is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We will consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, family status, protected veterans’ status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected ground. 

Accommodation during the application process

Fidelity Canada welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in the selection process. If you require an accommodation, please email us at FidelityCanadaStaffing@fidelity.ca.

No telephone inquiries or agencies please. We thank all applicants for their interest, please be advised that only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Why Work at Fidelity?

We are proud to be recipients of the following: