Experience
Job_title = Research Assistant
Location = McMaster University, Computing and Software
Date = May 2023 - Aug 2023
Point = Worked with Dr. Stephen Kelly to research evolving adaptable control policies using gymnasium's pendulum task and Distributed Evolutionary Algorithms in Python (DEAP) to conduct experiments on the partially observable pendulum task using machine learning.
Point = Designed an algorithm to pull the data from each experiment and write it to a csv to then create visual diagrams and graphs for presentation using NumPy and Pandas.

Job_title = Software Developer/DevOps Intern
Location = Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan
Date = Sept 2024 - Aug 2025
Point = Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, GitHub, Ansible, and SonarQube to automate deployment and testing processes of different .NET and python applications.
Point = Rearchitected the company's Docker base image system, consolidating multiple redundant images (e.g., RHEL8 and Ubuntu with various Python versions) into a single standardized Ubuntu base image, reducing maintenance complexity and improving efficiency.
Point = Helped develop a proof of concept (POC) for migrating CI/CD workflows from Jenkins to GitHub Actions. Later collaborated with teams to integrate GitHub Actions into their workflows, providing documentation, training, and best practices for adoption.
Point = Developed a Jenkins pipeline and Python script to automate internal webpage updates via an API POST request, streamlining manual change processes.
Point = Increased logging visibility within Ansible and Jenkins for Flyway database migrations across Snowflake, MSSQL, and Oracle, improving troubleshooting and monitoring.

Personal Projects
Project name = Gym Tracker App
Project Description = An app I developed in Swift that lets you create and track your workouts using user input and persistent data. Designing this app, I learned to catch save errors, use the persistent controller, and make fetch requests that filtered the data to meet my needs.

Project name = Expense Sheet Combiner
Project Description = Created a Python-based expense sheet combiner that reformats and consolidates transaction data from multiple sources (bank and credit cards) into a single standardized sheet. Utilized Pandas and dataframes to organize purchases by month and date into a single excel sheet, streamlining expense tracking and management.

Project Name = Gemini-Job-App-Generator
Project Description = Developed an application integrating Google's Gemini 2.0 model with Python to optimize resumes based on job descriptions. The project then automatically generates a tailored cover letter based on the previous results, then stores the optimized resume and cover letter in a directory. All executed within a GitHub Actions workflow for scalability.


Relevant Coursework
Course name = COMPSCI 2DB3 - Databases				 
Course description = Researched data modelling, integrity constraints, principles and design of relational databases, relational algebra, SQL, MySQL, SQLite, Microsoft SQL query processing, transactions, concurrency control, recovery, security, and data storage.

Course name = COMPSCI 2C03 - Data Structures and Algorithms				
Course Description = Studied basic data structures such as, stacks, queues, hash tables, and binary trees. Reviewed graph representations and various algorithms, including minimum spanning trees, traversals, and shortest path, and analyzed their performance analysis.

Course name = COMPSCI 2GA3 - Computer Architecture
Course description = Gain an understanding of memory hierarchy, studying memory types and characteristics, cache memory design and optimization, virtual memory systems, and page tables. On top of that, learn about dynamic memory allocation and deallocation, memory mapping, memory protection, and documentation.

Course name = COMPSCI 2ME3 - Introduction to Software Development
Course description = Using java, practiced classes and inheritance, class invariants, and interface specification. On top of that, worked on object-oriented design patterns, tools for interface documentation, development models, and program analysis.

Skills
Python, C, Java, Swift, database handling, persistent controllers, NumPy, Pandas, shell, C/C++, Excel, MySQL, GitHub, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Azure, Linux, AWS, Angular, React, SharePoint, Outlook, Unix, Windows, Operating Systems, HTML, SQL, PowerPoint, MS Office, C++, PyGame, Shell Script, AWS, Snowflake, MsSQL, Oracle, docker, AKS, jenkins, ansible, sonarqube, .NET, AI, Gemini, LLM, Linux, Ubuntu, Debian, Github Actions
