Summer Intern, Software Quality Engineer (Early Careers)
 Toronto, Canada
 Information Technology
 324229
Job Description

About the Role:
Grade Level (for internal use):

05
Job Description
The Team:

We offer a collaborative, global, quality engineering team that is accustomed to helping one another learn and excel while working to continuously improve the level of quality delivered to our internal and external users.
 

Responsibilities and Impact:

Managing test assets in MSFT ADO

Authoring functional, integration, data, or regression test scripts and enhancing test coverage

Automating using a Python/Selenium based framework, or other 3rd party tools

Reviewing production incident and defect data to identify areas of quality improvement

Collaborating with teammates during technical designs and test planning

Helping size and groom Agile stories and defect fixes

Learn and adopt SAFE software development practices as part of our SDLC

Participate in team test coverage reviews and trainings

Demo completed work to stakeholders

Support deployment of completed work to our QA and production environments following our release standards

Compensation/Benefits Information:

S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range of compensation for this position is $48,625 to $58,625. Final base salary compensation for this role will be based on the individual’s performance, geographic location, as well as experience level, skill set, training, licenses and certifications.

This role is not eligible for additional compensation such as an annual incentive bonus or sales commission plan.

What We’re Looking For:

Basic Required Qualifications:

Working towards a Bachelors degree in a technical field of study in Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Management Information Systems, or IT

Fully matriculated students with anticipated graduation date in Fall 2026 or Spring 2027

Demonstrated passion or interest in one or more of our key industries

Excellent communication skills

Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills

An aptitude to learn and adapt quickly in a rapidly changing environment

Additional Preferred Qualifications:

SQL, Python, Selenium skills

Data analysis & visualization skills

About S&P Global Ratings
At S&P Global Ratings, our analyst-driven credit ratings, research, and sustainable finance opinions provide critical insights that are essential to translating complexity into clarity so market participants can uncover opportunities and make decisions with conviction. By bringing transparency to the market through high-quality independent opinions on creditworthiness, we enable growth across a wide variety of organizations, including businesses, governments, and institutions.

S&P Global Ratings is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI).  S&P Global is the world’s foremost provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity and automotive markets. With every one of our offerings, we help many of the world’s leading organizations navigate the economic landscape so they can plan for tomorrow, today.

For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/ratings

What’s In It For You?

Our Mission:

Advancing Essential Intelligence.

Our People:

We're more than 35,000 strong worldwide—so we're able to understand nuances while having a broad perspective. Our team is driven by curiosity and a shared belief that Essential Intelligence can help build a more prosperous future for us all.From finding new ways to measure sustainability to analyzing energy transition across the supply chain to building workflow solutions that make it easy to tap into insight and apply it. We are changing the way people see things and empowering them to make an impact on the world we live in. We’re committed to a more equitable future and to helping our customers find new, sustainable ways of doing business. Join us and help create the critical insights that truly make a difference.

Our Values:

Integrity, Discovery, Partnership


Throughout our history, the world's leading organizations have relied on us for the Essential Intelligence they need to make confident decisions about the road ahead. We start with a foundation of integrity in all we do, bring a spirit of discovery to our work, and collaborate in close partnership with each other and our customers to achieve shared goals.

Benefits:

We take care of you, so you can take care of business. We care about our people. That’s why we provide everything you—and your career—need to thrive at S&P Global.

Our benefits include: 

Health & Wellness: Health care coverage designed for the mind and body.

Flexible Downtime: Generous time off helps keep you energized for your time on.

Continuous Learning: Access a wealth of resources to grow your career and learn valuable new skills.

Invest in Your Future: Secure your financial future through competitive pay, retirement planning, a continuing education program with a company-matched student loan contribution, and financial wellness programs.

Family Friendly Perks: It’s not just about you. S&P Global has perks for your partners and little ones, too, with some best-in class benefits for families.

Beyond the Basics: From retail discounts to referral incentive awards—small perks can make a big difference.

For more information on benefits by country visit: https://spgbenefits.com/benefit-summaries

Global Hiring and Opportunity at S&P Global:

At S&P Global, we are committed to fostering a connected and engaged workplace where all individuals have access to opportunities based on their skills, experience, and contributions. Our hiring practices emphasize fairness, transparency, and merit, ensuring that we attract and retain top talent. By valuing different perspectives and promoting a culture of respect and collaboration, we drive innovation and power global markets.

S&P Global has a Securities Disclosure and Trading Policy (“the Policy”) that seeks to mitigate conflicts of interest by monitoring and placing restrictions on personal securities holding and trading. The Policy is designed to promote compliance with global regulations. In some Divisions, pursuant to the Policy’s requirements, candidates at S&P Global may be asked to disclose securities holdings. Some roles may include a trading prohibition and remediation of positions when there is an effective or potential conflict of interest. Employment at S&P Global is contingent upon compliance with the Policy.

Recruitment Fraud Alert:

If you receive an email from a spglobalind.com domain or any other regionally based domains, it is a scam and should be reported to reportfraud@spglobal.com. S&P Global never requires any candidate to pay money for job applications, interviews, offer letters, “pre-employment training” or for equipment/delivery of equipment. Stay informed and protect yourself from recruitment fraud by reviewing our guidelines, fraudulent domains, and how to report suspicious activity here.