About the job
Venture outside the ordinary - TMX Careers

The TMX group of companies includes leading global exchanges such as the Toronto Stock Exchange, Montreal Exchange, and numerous innovative organizations enhancing capital markets. United as a global team, we’re connecting cross-functionally, traversing industries and geographies, moving opportunity into action, advancing global economic growth, and propelling progress. Through a rich exchange of ideas, meaningful collaboration, and a nimble operating model, we're powering some of the nation's most critical systems, fueling capital formation and innovation, bringing increased opportunity to business visionaries, product ingenuity to consumers, and career exploration to our team.

Ready to be part of the action?

Global Technology Services (GTS) is one of the foundational divisions of the TMX Group, that empowers internal TMX business lines for their technology needs, operations and digital innovation. GTS as a client centric organization focuses on building technology capabilities, enabling our clients with the best technology solutions and providing effective technology financial and resource management processes. The cost effective operation is a key attribute of the GTS execution. GTS is responsible for delivery of all technology initiatives and services across TMX.

As a Junior Systems Developer Intern you will work with the systems engineering team to optimize and improve the configuration, accuracy, performance and implementation of the various supporting platforms. You will use various coding languages, scripting methodologies, or platform tooling to accomplish specific use cases encountered within the organization. Collaborating with others on

the team to brainstorm about the best way to tackle a complex technological infrastructure, security, or development problem. You’ll be required to perform incremental testing actions on code, processes, and deployments to identify ways to streamline execution and minimize errors encountered. You will also be applying GitOps/DevOps principles to manage the platforms and help to drive functionality and adoption through continuous improvement, simplification, and automation.

This role reports to: Senior Technical Manager, Platform Engineering, Monitoring and Observability

This role is hybrid (2-3 days/week in the office) - based in Toronto, ON.

Key Accountabilities

Translate business requirements into technical solutions utilizing best practices and standards that meet the strategic business goal
Develop scripts for programmatic solutions to complex monitoring tasks
Identify system resource bottlenecks and work with other teams to test and tune systems for optimal performance
Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems availability
Create, maintain and enforce systems standards
Create and maintain procedural and technical documentation
Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution
Identify and recommend emerging technologies as they relate to team objectives

Nice To Have(s)

Experience utilizing open-source monitoring technologies (eg: Splunk, Grafana, Graphite, Nagios) 
Experience with configuration management systems (eg: Ansible, Terraform)
Experience with OS deployment systems (RedHat Satellite) 
Experience with virtualization (VMWare, RHV) 
Experience with Container platforms and orchestration (Kubernetes, OpenShift, SWARM)
Public cloud infrastructure experience, ideally AWS or GCP

Note

4 month Co-op / Internship: May 4, 2026 - August 28, 2026
In order to be considered for the position, you are required to submit your Knockri Assessment

Salary Range: $ 25/hour - $28/hour CAD

Please note that the salary range included is a guideline only. The salary offered may vary based on factors, including, but not limited to, the successful candidate’s relevant knowledge, skills, and experience.

The recruiting efforts for this role are intended to fill a vacant position.

For this role AI-assisted tools are utilised as one input in the application and screening process. AI does not make final hiring or interview decisions.

In the market for…

Excitement - Explore emerging technology and innovation, as well as ventures and digital finance that shape the future of global markets! Experience the movement of the market while grounded in the stability of close to 200 years of success.

Connection - With site hubs in some of the world’s most multicultural cities, we leverage our size and structure to create rich connections and belonging while experiencing powerful global impact through our work.

Impact - More than a platform, we use our talents to power mission-critical systems that drive global economic advancement, innovation, and growth. As well, our employee-led Team Impact spreads social good via our giving strategy.

Wellness - From empathetic leadership to a culture of flexibility and balance, we believe wellness at work creates the maximum yield and a stronger “we”. Plus, with a cloud-first and hybrid workstyle, as well as generous time-off and leaves, we support a life well lived!

Growth - From a growth mindset in our work, to expansion in our business, TMX is home to action-takers energized by the achievement of ambitious growth.

Ready to enrich your career with impactful work, leaders who truly care, and the flexibility and programs to help you thrive as part of #TeamTMX ? Apply now.

Please note that our company is not currently sponsoring work permit applications and the applicant must be authorized to work in the country where this position is located. 

TMX is committed to creating and sustaining a collegial work environment in which all individuals are treated with dignity and respect and one which reflects the diversity of the community in which we operate. We provide accommodations for applicants and employees who require it.