About the job
Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Applications are accepted until further notice.

Meet the Team 

Our hardworking team members are lively programming magic across the globe on teams such as Development, Information Technology, Supply Chain, Customer Experience, Security and Trust, etc.

You would play a crucial role in driving next-gen software innovations including cloud, mobile, desktop or security spaces. On any of these teams, you'll get hands-on experience working with applications that make technology accessible no matter what device they're on. See the possibilities when creativity meets develop and build solutions which will transform how we work, live, learn, and play.

Your Impact 

As a software developer on our team, you will be the driving force behind crafting user-friendly, reliable software and tools that support critical technology platforms such as operating systems, networks, and databases. You will balance growing our software capabilities with hardware compatibility considerations and have the opportunity to influence develop decisions. We offer diverse opportunities across Applications Development, Database Development, Embedded Networking and OS Development, IT, Security, Test & Quality, and Web Services. You are a collaborative communicator with strong organizational skills and a passion for seeking sophisticated challenges. Driven and resourceful, you excel at managing your time efficiently, streamlining processes, and delivering high-quality results on schedule. Join us to apply your problem-solving skills and supply to innovative software solutions that make a meaningful impact.

Minimum Qualifications

 Currently enrolled in an undergraduate degree program. Relevant fields include Computer Science, Software Development, Computer Developing, Information Technology, Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Developing, or related technical fields
 Proficiency in at least one of the following programming or scripting languages: C/C++, Python, or Java, with evidence of recent (within the past 12 months) coursework, projects, or work experience.
 Experience in QA, testing, and/or debugging.
 Able to legally live and work in the country for which you're applying, without visa support or sponsorship and have an authorized co-op with your school

Preferred Qualifications

 Knowledge of Linux, Networking concepts, OS core concepts, Embedded Development, and/or ML
 Experience with Databases, Web Application Development, and Web Services
 Knowledge in Computer Networking and/or Cybersecurity
 Knowledge of Cloud Platforms: AWS, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud

Why Cisco?

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you.