Software Engineering Intern (May 2026)
CanadaInternships & Co-ops – Internship /Intern/Co-op /Hybrid
At Kepler Communications, we're not just imagining the future of on-demand space connectivity - we're leading it!

Our mission is to provide real-time Internet access for space-based assets, enabling a new era of data-driven exploration and innovation. With 33 satellites launched to date, Kepler operates the first commercial optical data relay constellation, enabling real-time, continuous space communications while supporting advanced on-orbit compute and hosted payload capabilities. 

Industry-leading technology is only part of the story. What sets Kepler apart is our team: bold thinkers, skilled builders, and passionate problem-solvers who thrive on pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in space. We believe great ideas come from diverse perspectives, and we’re committed to creating an environment where you can grow, lead, and make a global impact. 

If you’re ready to reach higher, move faster, and do work that shapes the future space economy - this is your launchpad. Come build the future with Kepler! 



What We Offer:
- Build and operate real satellites! 
- Get hands-on with cutting-edge space technology and real-world engineering challenges. 
- Dedicated mentorship to support your learning and growth. 
- Fun and collaborative work environment where you'll learn quickly and feel supported. 
- Team-building events and opportunities to connect across the company. 
- Fully stocked Toronto office kitchen with snacks, drinks, games, and top-notch kitchen appliances. 
- Frequent in-office and company-wide events to stay connected and engaged. 
- Make a direct impact on Kepler's growth and success. 
- We’re a certified Great Place to Work® five years in a row. 

This position can be remote or hybrid out of Kepler's Toronto Office located at 24 Ward Street, Toronto ON M6H 4A6.

We’re on the hunt for a top-tier Software Developer Intern who will assist in developing and maintaining high-performance backend services and infrastructure. You will work closely with cross-functional teams such as satellite operations, ground stations and software development to build scalable applications that support the development, testing, and operation of our satellites and mission control software. You will be trusted from day-one to get hands on with the breadth of our software stack.
Responsibilities:
Support design and development of reliable, high-quality software related to operating Kepler’s satellite network infrastructure and mission control software automation 
Collaborate with satellite operators and product managers to deliver mission critical ground systems 
Writing thorough tests and documentation 
Participating in software design review and code review processes 
Required Skills and Qualifications:
Enrolled in Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 
Prior internship experience using Python to develop back end services 
Prior experience supporting software development and test writing 
Excellent communication skills 
Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and returning to studies after the internship
Available for a full-time internship beginning May 2026 for 4-16 months.
Opportunity to work out of our new Toronto office! This position can be based onsite at our Toronto office (24 Ward Street), or hybrid depending on the candidate’s location.
Bonus Points:
Ability to effectively use git 
Familiarity in SQL and/or NoSQL databases and data design (PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, etc.) 
Familiarity with containerized software (Kubernetes, K8s) and infrastructure-as-code (Ansible, Terraform, etc.) 
Use of AI in Recruitment
At Kepler Communications, all hiring decisions are made by people. Human recruiters are involved in every step of our recruitment process. We use AI-based tools (such as Lever AI and HireEZ) to assist with the initial review of applications by ranking candidates based on job-relevant criteria. These tools support - but do not replace - human judgment.

Employment Equity & Accommodation Statement 
Kepler Communications is an equal opportunity employer committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome applications from all qualified individuals, including women, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities, members of visible minorities, and people of all sexual orientations and gender identities. 

If you require accommodation during any stage of the recruitment process, please contact our People & Culture team at accommodation@kepler.space, and we will work with you to meet your needs. 