Co-op, Technical Support Analyst
Apply
locations
Toyota Canada Inc - Head Office
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 14 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: January 30, 2026 (7 days left to apply)
job requisition id
10318460
Job Description 

Co-op, Technical Support Analyst

Scarborough, Ontario (Onsite)

Deadline: This posting will close by January 27, 2026, at 11:59 PM EST.

The anticipated hourly rate for this position ranges from $22/hour to $31/hour, with final compensation based on the candidate’s completed co-op work terms.

Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) currently has an exciting co-op opportunity for a Technical Support Analyst to join our Information Services department. This is a contract opportunity, and the individual will report to the Manager of User Services.

What We’ll Bring:

Company & Culture 

A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career
A focus on respect for people and continuous improvement
Program Initiatives

Case competition with other students to solve a real-world business problem
Co-op Events (business acumen series, past & present series, final presentation)
Social lunches – connect with co-op students from all departments
What You’ll Be Doing:

Providing help desk assistance and troubleshooting technical issues
Desktop, laptop, mobile aid and deployment of end user devices
Windows OS installation, configuration and tuning
Installation and configuration of application software
Maintaining system security including OS security patches, virus defense, and remediation of findings
Performing tests and evaluations, including development lab activities for new technology solutions
Facilitating user moves, changes and configuration tasks
Documenting standard operating procedures (SOP)
What You’ll Bring:

Currently enrolled in a college/university technology related program
Focus on providing customer service to staff and adapting in a fast-paced environment
Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills to diagnose technical issues and work through to resolution
Motivated and driven to learn new technologies and systems
Strong attention to detail, effective time management, and adeptness at multitasking
Ability to work both independently and in a team environment
Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication with the aptitude to interact with all levels in the organization
Knowledge of Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems
Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications
About Us

Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) is the exclusive Canadian distributor of Toyota and Lexus and vehicles. Toyota Canada's head office is in Toronto, with regional offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Montreal and Halifax. Toyota parts and accessories are distributed through TCI's Parts Distribution Centres in Bowmanville and Vancouver. TCI supports over 287 Toyota and Lexus dealers in Canada with services that include training, sales, marketing, environmental and customer satisfaction initiatives.

What Sets Us Apart?

A focus on people, passion for Toyota, innovation and continuous improvement have made us an award-winning company, recognized worldwide for our technological leadership and superior standards of quality, community involvement and environmental responsibility.

What You Should Know:

Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, or any other characteristics protected by law. Please advise us at any point during the recruitment and selection process or your employment if you require accommodation.