At Index Exchange, we’re reinventing how digital advertising works—at scale. As a global advertising supply-side platform, we empower the world’s leading media owners and marketers to thrive in a programmatic, privacy-first ecosystem. 

We’re a proud industry pioneer with over 20 years of experience accelerating the ad technology evolution. Our proprietary tech is trusted by some of the world’s largest brands and media owners and plays a crucial role in keeping the internet open, accessible, and largely free. 

We process more than 550 billion real-time auctions every day (in comparison, Google processes 8.5 billion searches per day) with ultra-low latency. Our platform is vertically integrated from servers to networks and runs primarily on our own metal and cloud infrastructure. This end-to-end infrastructure is designed to provide both stability and agility, enabling us to adapt quickly as the market evolves. 

At the core of it all is our engineering-first culture. Our engineers tackle internet-scale problems across tight-knit, global teams. From moving petabytes of data and optimizing with AI to making real-time infrastructure decisions, Indexers have the agency and influence to shape the future of advertising. We move fast, build thoughtfully, and stay grounded in our core values. 

What we’re looking for:
Team Player: You will work in an agile team to help accomplish the team’s goals while interacting with other teams. How do you work with others to find the best solution? 
Curiosity: Do you enjoy asking questions, learning, and creating solutions? 
Problem Solvers: You don't stop until the problem gets solved, and you find more than one way to solve it. What problem have you solved recently? 
Passion: You love tech and top-notch code, and plan to make it better. What tech are you passionate about? 
Knowledge Hungry: Learning new systems, designs, patterns and languages is exciting to you. Which elegant design do you admire? 
Well-rounded: Love to learn about the business domain as much as you love technology. What business excites you? 
Driven: You are looking to grow your career quickly and to support those around you while you do it. Do you have what it takes?

Here’s what you’ll be doing:
Solve challenging problems in a high-scale, low-latency environment 
Develop our foundational platform that enables other engineers to build upon 
Provide standards, templates 
Experiment with new technologies 
Contribute to code reviews, testing and deployments into our containerized environment 
Participate in agile ceremonies 
Opportunities to work with Golang, K8S, Ansible, Grafana and Kafka 

Here's what you need:
Currently enrolled in a BSc/MSc in Computer Science or a related field/equivalent degree 
You are talented, a fast learner and embrace change 
Exceptional problem-solving skills, the ability to think differently, and an understanding that compromise, negotiation and practicality are important qualities 
Self-motivated with a go-getter attitude 
Proficiency in Golang, Python, Java, Scala or other high-level languages 
A good grasp of SQL and NoSQL databases 
Basic fluency using Linux/Unix command line 
The ability to push our product to the max, inspire those around you and have fun doing it 
A desire to work with and learn from the people around you – we greatly value people and interactions 
Team player, receptive to feedback and learn by doing

Why you’ll love working here:
Employee assistance program 
Mental health first aid program that provides an in-the-moment point of contact and reassurance 
Bi-weekly town halls and regular community-led team events 
Multiple resources and programming to support continuous learning
A workplace that supports a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment

Equal employment opportunity
At Index Exchange, we believe that successful products are built by teams just as diverse as the audience who uses them. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunities. We celebrate diversity of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Additionally, we realize that diversity is deeper than any status or classification—diversity is the human experience. For those who show grit, passion, and humility—Index will welcome you.

Accessibility for applicants with disabilities
Index Exchange welcomes and encourages individuals with disabilities to apply to work with us. 
If you require an accommodation, please share the details of your request and any information how we can assist you with the hiring recruiter when they contact you. Index Exchange will make reasonable efforts to ensure accommodation requests are met throughout the recruitment process.

Index everywhere, Index anywhere
Our corporate headquarters are in Toronto, with major offices in New York, Montreal, Kitchener, London, San Francisco, and many other global cities. As a major global advertising exchange, we are committed to operating as a tightly knit global team and embracing and empowering talent wherever our colleagues may be. 