Summer Student - Technology (4 months)
Toronto, ON · 3 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Summer Student - Technology (4 months) / Étudiant d'été - Technologies (4 mois)  at Moneris
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Retry Premium for CA$0


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out
People you can reach out to
Ontario Teachers'​ Pension Plan logo
Ontario Teachers'​ Pension Plan logo
Company alumni from Ontario Teachers'​ Pension Plan and others in your network

Show all
About the job
Your Moneris Career - The Opportunity

We are offering summer student opportunities available starting May through August at our office locations across Canada. For Technology, opportunities are made available in our Information Security (InfoSec), Software Development & Architecture, and Infrastructure Services & Support teams.

Location: You will work from one of our primary offices in Toronto, Montreal or Sackville in a hybrid work model.

Reporting Relationship: You will report to Technology leaders.

Posting Type: New Positions.

Salary Range: The expected base salary range for this role is between $18.00 and $30.00 per hour.

Please note that offers are determined by year of study and may vary depending on the role and region.

Please see eligibility criteria below:

Internship Length: 4 months.

Internship Start: May 4, 2026.

Internship End: August 28, 2026.

Application Deadline: Please note that we will no longer accept applications for summer student positions after March 6, 2026.

To be eligible for our internship opportunities you must be enrolled in a Canadian post-secondary school and legally entitled to work full-time.

Your Moneris Career - What You'll Do

You will work on real business projects, enjoy a dynamic work environment, have the opportunity to apply creativity, be challenged, work in a team-focused environment, and get work experience in your field of study or area of interest.

Note: We are accepting Employee Referrals for these positions. We will commit to contacting all referrals, however due to the popularity of our summer program, we cannot guarantee your referral will be hired.