Software Developer - Spring 2026 Co-op (Kitchener Office)
D2L is a cloud company that is modernizing education and building the Future of Work. The old models of teaching and learning are in the midst of the largest transformation in history, and D2L is at the heart of that fundamental shift. 

New models of teaching and learning enable a personalized, student-centric experience – and deliver improved retention, engagement, satisfaction, and results for learners of all ages – in schools, campuses, and companies.

D2L is disrupting the way the world learns, by providing the next generation learning environment and solutions to engage and inspire learners. And most importantly, by giving customers a platform that is easy, flexible, and smart. No other company provides a solution as robust and innovative as D2L.

D2L has had a singular mission for 25 years and is dedicated to that same mission in the years ahead: to transform the way the world learns – and by doing so, we will help improve human potential globally.

Every application we receive is personally reviewed by a member of our Talent Acquisition team - yes, a real person looks at your resume! While we use AI tools internally to streamline tasks like meeting notes, summaries, and administrative work, these tools never rank resumes, make hiring decisions, or influence candidate evaluations.

APPLICATION DEADLINE: January 20, 9:00am ET

(Note for University of Waterloo students: please apply to the posting for this job on WaterlooWorks, and NOT here. Posting will be live on Waterloo works at 9am on January 10. Thank you!)

Every day, our software is used by millions of people around the world, and we are looking for students who share in our excitement and passion for transforming the way the world learns. At D2L, we believe that learning should be accessible and engaging. Our goal is to create easy, flexible, and smart software that ignites the desire to learn in everyone. To do this, we need to give talented, enthusiastic, and passionate people, like you, opportunities to create, develop, and collaborate on projects that revolutionize the learning environment.

Whether you’re a first year Co-op or looking for a place to transition into as a New Graduate, we are looking for superstars to help influence and provide innovative insights into future versions of our Brightspace software. You’ll thrive in our agile culture, where teams speak freely and collaborate to solve interesting problems, and will be constantly learning and looking for ways to innovate. If you get stuck, you can work with your assigned mentor to figure out the best way to proceed.

What you’ll get out of working at D2L

The challenges and responsibilities given, ability to learn new things, and work on meaningful product that reaches over 15 million learners daily, are just a few of the things that set D2L apart as a student employer. With an open office concept and overall work environment (not a single employee has their own office, including our CEO), we are located in the Catalyst137 building in Kitchener.

At D2L, you will have the opportunity to work with the latest technologies to build highly scalable and fault tolerant systems. On the backend, our product is built on the .NET stack, but we have a growing ecosystem of cloud-native services built on the AWS platform leveraging technologies such as Node.js, SNS, SQS, Kinesis, DynamoDB, Serverless (Lambda), etc. On the front-end we use Polymer and other web frameworks to build engaging and responsive web apps. We also build native mobile apps in Kotlin and Swift. Ultimately, we strive to use the most appropriate technologies to achieve our goal of changing the way the world learns. You don't need to know how to use these yet, we'll help you learn!

What is D2L looking for from me?                                                        

You have a strong entrepreneurial drive, an enthusiastic and dedicated mindset and a thirst for a challenge. The ability to think on your feet and work successfully both in independent and team-settings is essential. At D2L, our co-ops have a voice and are able to quickly contribute to their team's objectives (we don’t have “co-op projects”, you’ll be working on real deliverables).

Education Recommendations                

Currently a candidate for Bachelor's degree or diploma in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field.

Why we're awesome                                               

We offer our Co-ops monthly internet reimbursement, monthly co-op events, and opportunity to be a fully involved member of a team. Plus, we're always hiring superstar New Grads, so get a step ahead of the rest by networking within D2L on your work term.

Check out our social media sites and follow us on Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn to learn more about why applying to D2L is a great choice. 

This position is to fill an existing vacancy

The expected weekly salary range for a student hire in this role is listed below. The base salary offered is determined by each candidate’s relevant knowledge, skills, education, training and experience. It is aligned to ensure both internal and external competitiveness using market data for the geographic location and school specific salary surveys. 

Weekly Salary Range
$850—$1,350 CAD
Don’t meet every single requirement? We strongly encourage you to still apply! At D2L, we are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment. We encourage your application even if you don't believe you meet every single qualification outlined, because we love to help our people grow and develop!