Summer 2026 Co-Op - Computer Science, Cyber Security, and Applied Mathematics - Durham Region
Location:  Oshawa, ON, CA, L1H 8W8
Req ID:  54596
Status: Contract (4 or 8 months)

Working Conditions: On-site      

Education Level: University or College, minimum 1st year completed 

Base Location: Durham (Oshawa, Bowmanville, Pickering)

Shift: Days

Travel: 10%

Deadline to Apply: January 26, 2026

Salary Range: $32.78 - $43.68 per hour  

 

Electrify your career and help build a brighter tomorrow.

 

Every generation has a challenge that defines them. At OPG, we are calling on all innovators, disruptors, thought leaders and change-makers. Join us as we work to electrify life in one generation and build a sustainable future powered by our electricity, our ideas, and our people. Join OPG and make history.

 

Whether you work in the skilled trades or are a business professional, a career at OPG is an opportunity to electrify your life on -- and off -- the job.

 

APPLYING TO OPG’S CO-OP PROGRAM

This posting is for multiple co-op positions at Ontario Power Generation (OPG) starting in Summer 2026. Applicants will be reviewed and matched with OPG managers hiring students within their discipline. The job description and accountabilities below are broad and may not reflect the specific duties of each placement. If selected for an interview, you’ll receive details about the specific role, team, and responsibilities.

 

JOB OVERVIEW

As a Co-op Student at OPG, you’ll gain hands-on experience and develop valuable skills for your future career. You’ll work alongside colleagues from diverse backgrounds and contribute to projects that support a sustainable future.

 

KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 

Contribute to real-world projects that align with your field of study and career interests.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support project goals and deliverables.
Apply classroom knowledge to practical, hands-on work assignments.
Learn and adapt to new tools, technologies, and processes relevant to the industry.
Assist with day-to-day tasks and ensure smooth operations within your assigned department. 
Take ownership of delegated responsibilities and deliver quality results.
Communicate effectively with team members, mentors, and stakeholders.
Engage in mentorship opportunities to gain insights and guidance from experienced professionals.
 

QUALIFICATIONS

Currently enrolled as a full-time, post-secondary student in a recognized institution, pursuing one of the following areas of study:
Computer Science
Applied Mathematics 
IT/ Information System
Business Analytics 
Data Science 
Programming 
Cyber Security 
Have completed a minimum of 1st year in college OR an undergraduate program at university by the start of the opportunity. 
Returning to full-time studies in the same program following the completion of the work term OR require the work term or co-op placement to graduate. 
Have a minimum average of 70% cumulative GPA (transcript must be included in application).
 

Important note for Co-Op Applicants: When submitting your application, please include all of your work and volunteer experience on your resume, even if you feel it may not be directly relevant. This allows us to gain a complete picture of your professional background. 

 

The successful candidate will exhibit uncompromising integrity and commitment to upholding corporate values, and the OPG Code of Business Conduct.

 

OPG is committed to fostering an inclusive, equitable, and accessible environment. If you require accommodation during the selection process, please contact AODA@opg.com

 

What makes a career at OPG different?

With operations across Ontario and the United States, OPG is one of the most diverse power producers in North America. As the largest generator in Ontario, we meet approximately 50% of the province’s electricity needs, largely from low-carbon sources like nuclear and hydro. 

 

As we work to achieve our vision of Electrifying life in one generation, OPG and our family of companies are also helping advance the development of new low-carbon technologies such as Small Modular Reactors (SMRs), refurbishment projects, and electrification initiatives to help power the growing demands of a growing economy. Join OPG and make history.

 

Please submit your application online at https://jobs.opg.com/.  OPG thanks all those who apply; however, only candidates considered for an interview will be contacted.