Developer Co-Op
Apply
locations
Mississauga, ON (CAN)
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
job requisition id
R0053451
Holman is a global automotive leader that serves both commercial and consumer clients The Holman Way by always doing the right thing for our people, our customers, and the community since 1924. The Holman story began nearly a century ago as a single Ford dealership in New Jersey. Today, Holman, headquartered in Mount Laurel, New Jersey, is one of the largest family-owned automotive service organizations in North America with more than 6,500 employees across North America, the UK, and Germany.

Holman delivers a unique range of automotive-centric services including industry-leading fleet management and leasing; vehicle fabrication and upfitting; component manufacturing and productivity solutions; powertrain distribution and logistics services; commercial and personal insurance and risk management; and retail automotive sales as one of the largest privately owned dealership groups in the United States. Guided by its deeply rooted core values and principles, Holman is continuously Driving What’s Right. 

Holman has an outstanding opportunity for a Developer Intern reporting into our Mississauga, ON head office.

What will you do?

Work with business units to understand requirements for software development and delivery.

Learn and help evolve Holman’s technical standards, bringing fresh perspective and ideas from the academic world into the commercial space.

Perform coding build and maintain software

Investigates, analyzes and documents reported defects.

Creates, documents, and implements test plans and harnesses to ensure high quality work product.

Performs related duties as assigned.

Provides reasonable and fair estimates for assigned tasks and work efforts.

Keeps current with software development trends, make suggestions and take action on IT-related best practices, processes and systems.

What are we looking for?

Must be enrolled in an accredited college or university pursuing a degree in a computer, systems programming or engineering field.

Proficiency in programming languages like C#, C++, Java, Swift, Python, JavaScript and others.

Holman is committed to providing accommodations throughout the interview process. If you require an accommodation we will work with you to meet your needs.

Pay: 

We offer competitive wages that are commensurate with job-related skills, experience, relevant education or training, and geographic location, starting in the range of $28.01 - $39.91 CAD per hour.
At Holman, we exist to provide rewarding careers and better lives for employees and their families. We hire, train, empower, and reward exceptional people. Our journey is guided by our desire to get it right every time and the acknowledgement that we have an opportunity to be better. To be better, we have to do better, and to do better we must know better. That’s why we are listening, open to learning new things – about ourselves and each other. We will never stop striving for improved diversity, equity, and inclusion because we are successful together when we feel trusted and supported. It’s The Holman Way.

Holman is a proud equal opportunities employer and we are committed to creating a welcoming, inclusive and barrier-free workplace. We are committed to providing accommodations to all applicants throughout the interview process, upon request, in all aspects of the selection process. We employ artificial intelligence (AI) technology as part of our recruitment process to enhance efficiency and objectivity.