About the job
Join a Challenger

Being a traditional bank just isn’t our thing, so we challenge ourselves to get creative in providing innovative banking solutions for Canadians.

How do we get there? With a talented team of inquisitive and agile challengers that break through the status quo. So, if you’re passionate about redefining the future of banking—while having fun—this could be your next big opportunity.

Our company continues to grow, and today we serve more than 780,000 customers across Canada through Equitable Bank, Canada's Challenger Bank™, and have been around for more than 50 years. Equitable Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary, Concentra Bank, supports credit unions across Canada that serve more than six million members. Together we have over $138 billion in combined assets under management and administration, with a clear mandate to drive change in Canadian banking to enrich people's lives. Our customers have named our EQ Bank digital platform (eqbank.ca) one of the top banks in Canada on the Forbes World's Best Banks list since 2021.

Work Term: May - August 2026 

The Intern – Software Developer supports the design, development, testing, and support of RESTful APIs, ETL integrations, Power Platform–based solutions, and emerging AIenabled capabilities within the Payments Technology team. This includes supporting AI integrations, large language model (LLM)–powered workflows, intelligent agents, and automated business processes. The role contributes to the delivery of secure, scalable, and reusable interoperability and microservice solutions that support the bank’s digital payment capabilities.

The Core Responsibilities Of The Job

Support the design, development, testing, and maintenance of RESTful APIs, ETL integrations, Power Platform solutions, and AI‑enabled workflows. 
Assist with requirements analysis and contribute to functional and non‑functional technical solutions. 
Support development of microservices, LLM integrations, intelligent agents, and workflow automations. 
Participate in Agile SCRUM activities and support sprint delivery. 
Perform unit testing, support QA triage, documentation, code reviews, and incident resolution. 
API and integration modernization initiatives within Payments Technology. 
Power Platform automation and AIassisted workflow projects. 
Proof of concept initiatives involving LLMbased solutions and intelligent agents. 
Collaborate with developers, architects, QA, Business Analysis, and Project Management teams. 
Support coordination with external vendors and internal IT teams during delivery and production support. 

Let's Talk About You!

Enrollment in or completion of a Bachelor’s degree program in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related technical discipline. 
Academic, internship, or coop experience in software development or technology delivery. 
Exposure to API development, integration, or enterprise application environments is preferred. 
Foundational knowledge of RESTful API development. 
Basic understanding of ETL concepts and integration patterns. 
Exposure to AI-enabled solutions, including LLM integrations, intelligent agents, or workflow automation (nice to have). 
Familiarity with J2EE/JEE frameworks such as Spring MVC, Spring Security, Hibernate, OAuth (nice to have). 
Basic experience with SQL Server databases. 
Familiarity with unit testing frameworks (JUnit) and version control tools such as Git. 
Exposure to Jira, Confluence, or similar collaboration tools. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Effective problem solving and analytical skills. 
Ability to manage time, prioritize tasks, and work in a fast paced environment. 
Self motivated team player with a willingness to learn and take initiative. 

How To Submit Your Application

In one document please submit your transcript and resume. Failure to do so will result in your application being rejected. 

What we offer [For full-time permanent roles]

💰 Competitive discretionary bonus

✨ Market leading RRSP match program

🩺 Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits

📝 Employee Share Purchase Plan

👶🏽 Maternity/Parental top-up while you care for your little one

🏝 Generous vacation policy and personal days

🖥 Virtual events to connect with your fellow colleagues

🎓 Professional development and comprehensive Career Development program

💛 A fulfilling opportunity to join one of the top FinTechs and help create a new kind of banking experience

The incumbent will be working hybrid and in office time will be spent working from Equitable Bank’s additional office space located at 2200-25 Ontario Street, Toronto, ON.

Equitable Bank is deeply committed to inclusion. Our organization is stronger and our employees thrive when we honour and celebrate everyone’s diverse experiences and perspectives. In tandem with that commitment, we support and encourage our staff to grow not just in their career path, but personally as well.

We commit to providing a barrier-free recruitment process and work environment for all applicants. Please let us know of any accommodations needed so that you can bring your best self to the application process and beyond. All candidates considered for hire must successfully pass a criminal background check and credit check to qualify for hire. While we appreciate your interest in applying, an Equitable recruiter will only contact leading candidates whose skills and qualifications closely match the requirements of the position.

We can’t wait to get to know you!