A career at Hitachi Rail will help create a legacy. With operations in every corner of the world, our work goes to the cutting-edge of digital transformation and technology. From the multi-cultural strength of our global organisation to the sustainable and innovative ways we work to bring people together, there’s something for everyone to get stuck into. And that’s where you come in.

Toronto, Ontario, Canada (Hybrid)
Job Title: Software Analyst Intern (Summer 2026)

Rail Pass Type: Internship/Co-op (Full-time/Hybrid)  

Departure and Arrival Date (Start -End): May 2026 – August, December 2026 or April 2027 (4/8/12months) 

Vacancy: 1

Location: 100 Consilium Place, Scarborough, ON M1H 3E3 

Work hours/week: 40 

Pay Details: $23-$30 CAD hourly 

Stations on Your Journey:        

Welcome and Onboarding Station    

Intern Orientation    

Online Onboarding Curriculum  

Buddy Program for mentorship and guidance   

Hands-On Work Station   

Real-world projects with top industry talent  

Paid internship + paid vacation  

Hybrid work model   

A chance to build your career with a global leader driving digital transformation and innovation that helps support sustainable future 

Networking Station        

“Ask Me Anything” with the Executive Committee     

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)   

Social Intern Events: Coffee Breaks, Onsite/Offsite events 

Business Intern Events: Intern Showcase & Graduation ceremony 

Company Social Events:   Holiday Party, Employee BBQs, Golf tournament, etc. 

About This Opportunity 

As a Software Analyst Intern, you will contribute to mission‑critical software systems used for train control within our Communication‑Based Train Control (CBTC) solutions. Your responsibilities will include designing, analyzing, developing, and integrating updates to software applications while following established processes for safety‑critical software development.

You will work under the guidance of a senior software engineer and contribute to projects within the same functional area.

Key Accountabilities   

Understands the software needs defined through formal requirements.

Implements solutions (write and debug code), write test procedures and tests software code.

Holds formal design reviews and implements feedback.

Reviews others’ code, test procedures and test results.

Performs root cause analysis using a variety of methods for defect reports.

Contributes to co-engineering activities with the Systems Engineering team help define requirements which are consistent to the software architecture

Solves tasks in the best technical and timely manner. Looks for opportunities and make suggestions for improvements

Key Requirements

The successful candidate should be working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree from an accredited university or college in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.

Completion of the second or third year of your undergraduate degree, or currently pursuing a master’s degree.

Minimum of 1 year of relevant work experience; relevant academic projects will be considered.

Entry level analysis skills, able to diagnose issues based on field logs and correlate events to failures.

Knowledgeable of software development processes.

Able to quickly integrate with the team and work independently.

Knowledge of software development environments and tooling (IDEs, CI/CD tooling).

Practical experience in using typical programs which are part of Microsoft Office Suite.

Excellent written and spoken English skill is required.

The ability to work 40 hours a week for the duration of the internship is essential. Minimum 2 days a week in the office. 

Depending on interest, experience in one or more of:

Object-oriented programming languages (C++ strongly preferred, C#, Java)

System-level programming language (C)

Scripting languages (Python, Perl, Ruby)

Preferred Qualifications 

Co-op student available for a 4 - 12 month term, with at least one additional quarter or semester of coursework remaining after the completion of the internship.

At least one year of industry experience contributing to a medium-large scale codebase

Experience contributing to mission-critical software systems

Understanding of systems-oriented approach

Ready to Begin Your Journey?   

Tap your ticket and apply today. 

Line Status: Open until filled 

This posting relates to an existing vacancy. 

 Artificial intelligence may be used in the screening or assessment process for this role. 

Thank you for your interest in Hitachi Rail. If your application is of interest, we will be in contact. Please do not hesitate to discover more about us and our latest jobs at https://www.hitachirail.com/careers.


At Hitachi Rail, there is a place for everyone. We welcome and value differences in background, age, gender, sexuality, family status, disability, race, nationality, ethnicity, religion, and world view. It is our commitment to create an inclusive environment - we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.