Position Title:	Software Developer Intern (8)
Position Description:	
POSITION SUMMARY



Our team is looking for an enthusiastic, highly motivated individual with an interest in mobile platform development.

This position offers a competitive salary and the opportunity to work on meaningful tasks that will be released to millions of vehicles in production globally, including all new electric vehicle models.

As a member of the product development team, you will get to work on the next-generation automotive infotainment system, powered by Google GAS.

You will receive excellent mentoring, and when you are ready, you will be assigned development tasks where you can come up with and implement creative solutions. Along the way, you will have the opportunity to test your solutions under real conditions in Ford test vehicles and will learn the latest tools, technologies, and engineering practices.

At Ford, we understand the importance and value of providing our students with interesting and challenging work terms that set them up well for a future career in the software industry. To that end, we work with each student on an individual basis and try to shape their work term experience to best match their level of ability, enthusiasm, and initiative.

Location: Waterloo

Length of Term: 4-8 Months

Role Responsibilities:

Work amongst an agile team of software developers, test engineers, technical product managers and leads.
Be an active participant in an agile product development environment, including daily stand up meetings and regular sprint planning, demos and retrospectives
Design and develop custom software solutions in Kotlin and C++/Java
Fix bugs, write automated tests, and participate in code reviews
Position Requirements:	
Skills and Qualifications:

Knowledge of Kotlin programming language, especially for Android development
Programming experience in C++
Familiarity with QNX, Linux or other UNIX-like / POSIX compliant operating systems
Pursuing an education in computer science/software engineering or related field
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Familiar and comfortable with formal software development and testing processes
An eagerness to learn and solve problems
Hard worker who is looking for a challenging and rewarding position
Additional Assets:

A passion for mobile platform development showcased through projects
Experience with Android Development
Working knowledge of Git
Jira for issue tracking and agile project management
Ford of Canada is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Accommodations for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment, selection and / or assessment processes, where needed, are available upon request. Please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require

For Undergraduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $28.39 - $35.92. Rates are based on the number of completed work terms to a maximum of 6 terms.

For Graduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $35.92 - $39.51. Rates are based on the number of completed school terms to a maximum of 3 terms.

This posting is for an existing vacancy within our team.





Position Location:	In-person
Work Location - Street Address:	176 Columbia St W
Work Location - City, Prov/State:	Waterloo, ON
Salary:	$26.00 - $29.99/hr
Hours Per Week:	40
Number of Positions:	1