
Candidates are encouraged to apply to 3 or fewer internship roles during a given internship recruiting cycle
Position Overview:

The Data Scientist Intern is a new role responsible for assisting the Canadian Franchise team with building and automating custom reports to help drive the business through data-driven insights and decision making. 

The intern will primarily support Planning and Performance work through the customization and automation of reports using Excel and Power BI.   

What You'll Do For Us: 

Support all aspects of Canadian Franchise team operations as needed  

Build, automate, and maintain critical business reporting and visualizations that helps deliver insights for our internal partners in sales and operations 

Scripts to automate data extraction, cleaning and transformation 

Scripts to automate reporting processes and identification of relevant insights 

Back-end services that interact with multiple data sources to compile and serve clean, high-quality data for downstream processes 

Educational Requirements: 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering, or another quantitative discipline with a strong programming background

Must be currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree or have graduated from their degree program no earlier than December 2025.

Skills: 

Familiarity with SQL and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI, Looker)  

Proficient at analyzing and automating datasets in a spreadsheet program (e.g. Excel, Google Sheets) or in a programmatic analysis tool (e.g. Python, R) 

Excellent analytical, quantitative and program-solving skills  

Strong attention to detail  

Good collaborative skills and a positive attitude  

Effective time management and organizational skills  

Familiarity with sales and marketing processes is a plus 

Good communication skills, a proactive approach, and a “can do” attitude  

Location: Toronto, Canada 

Monthly Salary (undergraduate): $6,519 CAD

Dates of Internship: May 18 – July 31, 2026


Skills:

organization




Our Purpose and Growth Culture:

We are taking deliberate action to nurture an inclusive culture that is grounded in our company purpose, to refresh the world and make a difference. We act with a growth mindset, take an expansive approach to what’s possible and believe in continuous learning to improve our business and ourselves. We focus on four key behaviors – curious, empowered, inclusive and agile – and value how we work as much as what we achieve. We believe that our culture is one of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years. Visit Our Purpose and Vision to learn more about these behaviors and how you can bring them to life in your next role at Coca-Cola.


We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.