locations
Toyota Canada Inc - Head Office
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
time left to apply
End Date: January 31, 2026 (8 days left to apply)
job requisition id
10318522
Job Description 

Co-op, Information Security

Scarborough, Ontario (Hybrid)

Deadline: This posting will close by January 30, 2026, at 11:59 PM EST.

The anticipated hourly rate for this position ranges from $22/hour to $31/hour, with final compensation based on the candidate’s completed co-op work terms.

Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) currently has an exciting co-op opportunity for an Information Security position in our Information Services department. The successful candidate will collaborate to develop and implement IT security standards, support security administration in project planning, enforce security policies, provide direct assistance to resolve security concerns, and ensure company-wide compliance. This is a contract opportunity, and the individual will report to the Manager of Enterprise Information Security.

What We’ll Bring:

Company & Culture 

A hybrid work environment
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career
A focus on respect for people and continuous improvement
Co-op Program Initiatives

Case competition – work as a team with co-op students to solve a real-world business problem
Co-op Events (business acumen series, past & present series, final presentation)
Social lunches – connect with co-op students from all departments
What You’ll Be Doing:

Evaluate IT infrastructure and applications, implementing threat protection measures, and addressing security across infrastructure, networks, applications, third parties, and user activities for comprehensive security maintenance
Monitor security alerts, investigate potential issues, and collaborate with teams to resolve them promptly
Assist in creating and implementing security policies, covering user authentication, breach escalation, and other procedures
Monitor and track malware to ensure swift detection and response
Participate in evaluating new security tools and methods to boost effectiveness
Provide input on security aspects for IT projects, ensuring security needs are addressed
Suggest and implement changes to enhance security measures and operational methods
Execute various compliance activities including SOX controls, vulnerability scanning, and patch management
Analyze security feeds, assess risks, and promptly inform relevant stakeholders
Provide metrics and reports to support Information Security management processes (experience with Excel, PowerPoint & PowerBI is an asset)
What You’ll Bring:

Currently enrolled in a university or college program focusing on Cybersecurity and/or Networking; relevant coursework or projects in Information Security is an asset
Basic understanding of key Information Security concepts, practices, and procedures as well as familiarity with remote access concepts, firewall basics, IDS/IPS, internet protocols, and vulnerability assessments is an asset
Exposure to antivirus software, encryption technologies, multi-factor authentication, and malware detection, with basic knowledge of SSL/TLS, AES encryption, and industry standard frameworks like NIST or ISF is an asset
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively in a team environment
Eagerness to learn and adapt to new technologies and protocols in the Information Security field
Good problem-solving skills and attention to detail
About Us

Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) is the exclusive Canadian distributor of Toyota and Lexus and vehicles. Toyota Canada's head office is in Toronto, with regional offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Montreal and Halifax. Toyota parts and accessories are distributed through TCI's Parts Distribution Centres in Bowmanville and Vancouver. TCI supports over 287 Toyota and Lexus dealers in Canada with services that include training, sales, marketing, environmental and customer satisfaction initiatives.

What Sets Us Apart?

A focus on people, passion for Toyota, innovation and continuous improvement have made us an award-winning company, recognized worldwide for our technological leadership and superior standards of quality, community involvement and environmental responsibility.

What You Should Know:

Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, or any other characteristics protected by law. Please advise us at any point during the recruitment and selection process or your employment if you require accommodation.