About Us

At Super.com, we’re on a mission to help people save more, earn more, and get more out of life. That goes for both our customers and our team.

For our employees, Super.com is more than just a workplace - it’s an opportunity to grow, make an impact, and unlock your full potential. We invest in learning, celebrate bold ideas, and create pathways for career growth.

We move fast, think big, and always put people first. Your career should be as rewarding as the work you do, and at Super.com, we’re here to make every day Super.

Term: This internship is for the Summer Term - May 11, 2026 to August 21, 2026

What’s it like to intern at Super.com?

Interning at Super.com is an exciting chance to dive into the world of tech and startups, work on real projects, and learn a ton along the way. From day one, interns are fully part of the team - contributing to work that actually ships and gets used. It’s a fast-moving yet super supportive environment where you’re encouraged to ask questions, try new things, and grow through hands-on experience. Many interns say it’s the most they’ve learned in such a short time! Even though we’re remote, the culture is fun, collaborative, and well-connected- you’ll be included in team meetings, Slack chats, and social events, so you’ll never feel like you’re doing this alone.

About the Role:

We are looking for an Infrastructure Engineering Intern with 4-16 months of experience to join our infrastructure engineering team. Our team is responsible for the infrastructure around building, deploying, and monitoring our services, databases, and caches.

Work with cutting edge infrastructure tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm, and Istio

Accelerate development across the company with faster, safer, and more frequent deploys

Meaningfully improve developer happiness and productivity across the company with better development tools and workflows

Contribute directly to the bottom line with cost savings initiatives and optimizations

Catch errors and performance issues early with automated monitoring and alerting

Our Stack:

Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Tens of containerized microservices written in Python and/or JS processing a total of 15k+ requests per second

Kubernetes for deploying services

Infrastructure as Code in Terraform and Helm

Datadog and Incident.IO for logging, monitoring, and alerting

Postgres for storage and Redis for caching

Gitlab for version control and CI/CD

Python, Bash, and Docker for local development workflows and CI/CD jobs

What we’re looking for:

You have experience and comfort with POSIX-based operating systems

You’ve used docker before and understand what it is and what problems it solves

You have some knowledge of how networked services in the cloud work: VPC, IP, TCP, DNS, HTTP, etc.

You abhor repetitive manual processes and are excited to automate them away

You have a sixth sense for spotting waste (in money, time, CPU cycles) and eliminating it

You learn quickly, regardless of the languages and technologies used

What We Offer:

Home Office Setup Allowance: $300 one-time

Friday UberEats Allowance: $25/week

Learning & Development Allowance: $300/ per term

Fitness/Wellness Allowance: $120/per term

Candidates can be based anywhere in Canada, provided they maintain a minimum 6-hour overlap with the Eastern Time Zone and are available to work a 40-hour work week.

We’re a remote-first company, but you’re always welcome to join us at our head office on 260 Queen Street West in Toronto. We also host virtual and in-person socials where interns can connect, play games, and meet others - including company - wide game nights and events e. While optional, these are great ways to build connections and make the most of your Super.com experience.