Intern, Data Enablement
Apply
locations
Toronto - 16 York St
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 13 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: January 21, 2026 (1 hour left to apply)
job requisition id
R25-222
At IMCO, our talent is among the best! IMCO offers a uniquely stimulating and rewarding environment where you can help build and drive organizational transformation, all while seeking to challenge yourself, learn, and grow your career.

Our culture is built on collaboration and passion, with a shared commitment to delivering lasting value to the clients we serve. Located in downtown Toronto, our vision is to be the partner of choice for Ontario’s public sector funds and to build a high-performing, value-driven asset management firm.

This job posting is for an existing vacancy. If you are ready to deliver best-in-class service and join a collaborative, motivated and fun team of professionals, IMCO offers the opportunity to do impactful work and broaden your expertise.  

If you’re looking to use your expertise to drive strategic outcomes, we’d love to hear from you.

‎ 

We are looking for a highly motivated student or recent graduate to join our team!

Our Intern Program is designed to support the development of students and recent graduates for future positions by offering one-on-one mentoring, peer and experiential learning, internal training programs, and much more. We are currently accepting applications for undergraduate and master’s level students or recent graduates seeking the opportunity to work in the investment management space.  

As a student in our Data Management team, you will have the opportunity to learn and contribute to the execution and monitoring of data enabled processes and reporting that impacts a wide variety of investment teams as well and gaining exposure to investment applications.

If you are passionate to learn about data and technology in the investment industry, you will gain exposure to investment systems and processes, an understanding of accounting, performance, risk, security analytics data sets and learn about data management and ITSM best practices.

We are looking for someone who is interested in investment data and systems with strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with stakeholders and team members.  You will coordinate with a wide range of internal stakeholders such as: Performance Measurement, Risk, Compliance, Investment Finance, Investments teams, and external vendors and business partners. You will gain experience in learning to contribute to key operational tasks and be involved in projects and process enhancements.  The ideal candidate will work with various teams to drive automation, process improvements, and streamline daily/weekly/monthly data management and governance processes using programming tools such as SQL, VBA, or other programming languages.

Responsibilities Include:

Acquire an understanding of the investment data workflow by monitoring, data profiling, and measuring data observability and improving data governance from enterprise data centralized from multiple sources including accounting, performance measurement, security analytics, and private market systems using our enterprise cloud data platform and meta-data catalog capabilities

Contribute to enabling data governance metrics, KPI measurement capabilities and exploring solution opportunities with IMCO’s enterprise data platform and reporting technologies (Snowflake – Horizon, Cortex Search, Snowflake Intelligence, Databricks, PowerBI, Market Data Governance applications)

Manage processes to continually maintain and improve data quality & meta-data for enterprise data, market data

Interact with other departments such as Performance Measurement, Risk, Compliance, Investment Finance and Investments to assist with data & data governance management capabilities, KPI metrics, and monitoring solutions.

Manage organizational and productivity tools in Office 365 using M365 Co-pilot, SharePoint, Loop, Confluence

Other duties as assigned

What You Need to Succeed:

Working towards an undergraduate degree in Business, Finance, Math, Statistics, or Computer Science or related field.

Minimum of one (1) or more co-op work terms

Working knowledge of relational databases and SQL, VBA, Python, or other programming languages

Candidate must demonstrate a proactive approach to learning new systems and possess a positive, adaptable attitude.

Strong oral and written communication skills, being able to communicate comfortably with both internal and external stakeholders.

Strong attention to detail with demonstrated desire and aptitude for working with data applications.

Strong self-management and organizational skills to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment

Proficient with MS Suite (Excel, Word, SharePoint, Visio).

Any exposure using AI tools such as Co-Pilot is an asset

Exposure to reporting tools such as PowerBI or use of Pivots, Slicers for reporting in Excel is an asset

Application Information & Deadline: Please submit your resume by January 20th, 2026  

What do we offer our Interns?  

In addition to paid work experience for a 4 month (May-August 2026 term), we offer a number of developmental opportunities for our hires. This includes:  

Facetime with our executive team, including career guidance  

Skill workshops for personal development  

Industry guest speakers  

Social events with fellow Interns and IMCO employees 