As the global leader in high-speed connectivity, Ciena is committed to a people-first approach. Our teams enjoy a culture focused on prioritizing a flexible work environment that empowers individual growth, well-being, and belonging. We’re a technology company that leads with our humanity—driving our business priorities alongside meaningful social, community, and societal impact.

How You Will Contribute:

As an Automation Tools Developer, you will be skilled in scripting, AI and cross functional collaboration, and aim to improve and automate our case management infrastructure. Our goal is to enabling faster and, smarter case resolution, leveraging the virtual knowledge libraries, nodal log files and KPIs.  The candidate will need to understand the systems, networks, hardware and software they would be working with, but also the skills needed to communicate and collaborate with other business units.  The job requires programming skills in languages such as Python, Perl, Java, Javascript, Go.  Experience with analytics, AI / machine learning.

You will collaborate with business units to fully understand current state of operations and define automation opportunities

You will program new automated components

Creating scripts for databases, networks, applications, hardware and software

Install applications and databases relevant to automation

Research the latest in technology as it pertains to AI driven automation tools, scripting languages, APIs

Excel in managing cross functional relationships and project teams

Maintaining a professional demeanor with colleagues

The Must Haves:

Experience with testing and provisioning automation tool sets (Python, Perl, Java, Javascript, Go)

Working knowledge of API integration REST, XML, JSON

Hands-on experience in automation application/scripts development in various environments (Linux, Shell, Web, Windows, etc)

Artificial intelligence and machine learning

Programming and coding experience

Creative thinking skills

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Analytical and problem-solving skills

Ability to communicate well with other members of the development team

Degree in progress in Engineering or Computer Science

At Ciena, we believe in empowering our team to drive innovation and make a meaningful impact. If you’re ready to create smarter automation tools and thrive in a collaborative environment, apply today!

Pay Range: 

The hourly pay range for this position is $25.00 - $34.00