Data Engineering Co-op, Summer 2026
Apply
locations
Toronto, ON
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Today
time left to apply
End Date: February 6, 2026 (7 days left to apply)
job requisition id
2602368
We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.

At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.

To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com

What You’ll Be Doing

CIBC’s Canadian Banking team is hiring for Summer Co-Ops for it’s Data Engineering function! This is a great opportunity to be a part of highly collaborative team that is responsible for processing big data to support generation of reporting, analytics and insights for CIBC’s non-personal customers. Join our team and learn new technical skills and approaches to processing huge amounts of data.  

At CIBC we enable the work environment most optimal for you to thrive in your role. You’ll have the flexibility to manage your work activities within a hybrid work arrangement where you’ll spend 1-3 days per week on-site, while other days will be remote.

Important Information

You must be currently enrolled in post-secondary education to be eligible, however, you do not need to be in a registered Co-Op program to be considered for this role 
Please include your resume (no more than 2 pages), a cover letter (no more than 1 page), and your most recent unofficial transcript with your application. These should all be uploaded into the Resume section of the application as one pdf document 
You are a university student in a STEM program e.g. Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Physics or Math
You have a working knowledge of MS Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint
You have an intense interest in big data and data processing: words and phrases like Hadoop, Oracle, MS-SQL, mySQL, Postgres, SAS, Azure, “cloud databases”, ETL, SQL, database, normalization, batch processing, data quality and testing spark joy in your soul.
Further clarity on the work location will be provided at the time of your interview. Please note all employees must work within their current jurisdiction and must reside within Canada
Duration of term: 4 months (May – August 2026)
How You’ll Succeed

Eagerness to learn: You have in interest in learning how to tackle processing and aggregation of “big data” and are interested in new technologies and how they can be use to make things faster, better, more accurate, more efficient

Simplification: You will spend time simplifying complex ideas and concepts and explaining them to others and learning from others who feel the same way

Teamwork: You enjoy working with others creatively work in a team to visualize and design a possible process for data and are comfortable taking direct constructive feedback in real time and are comfortable owning and managing working processes that are created by others in your team and fixing them as part of a pool of shared responsibility

Communication: You will use your excellent verbal and writing skills to effectively articulate ideas and opinions that involve analysis, interpretation, and assessment to others.

Change Agent: You will be expected to participate in concept development, facilitate, solicit, promote, and assess ideas and recommendations on an ongoing basis from business and technology partners, and be a champion for innovation across the bank.

Who You Are

Data analytics. You have learn the technical skills to review, analyze, design and implement data processing systems
Problem Solving. You enjoy being presented with problems or issues and working with a team to find innovative solutions
Communication.  You have excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively articulate ideas and opinions that involve analysis, interpretation, and assessment.
Programming: You are very interested in programming languages such as Python, SQL & SAS and are interested in the processing of big data even if you have no experience at all with these languages and have not processed “big data” in the past.
Creativity. You are curious and enjoy working in a team to visualize and design a possible new product or service and to assess the market, business and technical merits of that concept
Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability
What you need to know

CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com
CIBC is committed to clarity in our hiring process. All roles posted are opportunities we’re actively recruiting for, unless stated otherwise.
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit.
What CIBC Offers

At CIBC, your goals are a priority. We start with your strengths and ambitions as an employee and strive to create opportunities to tap into your potential.

We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive compensation, a banking benefit*, wellbeing support and additional offers such as employee and family assistance programs and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program.

Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients.

*Subject to program terms and conditions

