Position Description:	
Mohawk Medbuy Corporation (MMC) is a national, not-for-profit, shared services organization that supports hundreds of health care providers across Canada, as well as child welfare agencies and other public sector organizations. MMC provides value-driven contracting and procurement solutions for medical/surgical supplies, pharmaceutical products, local sourcing, capital (equipment, FF&E and redevelopment) and nutrition solutions. Other services include data analytics, in-hospital support, warehousing/logistics, technology, procure-to-pay, and accounts payable.

With an emerging focus on sustainability and reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples, MMC is actively supporting the creation of a resilient value chain that incorporates environmental, social and governance best practices. Based in Burlington, ON, the organization also has offices in Toronto, Thunder Bay, Kingston, Brantford, London and Chatham, and a distribution centre in Oakville.



We are currently recruiting for Junior Network & Cloud Security Technician (Co-op) to support our IT Infrastructure & Security team.


Position Overview


The Junior Network & Cloud Security Technician will join our IT Infrastructure & Security team to support day-to-day network operations, endpoint and server environments, and cloud platforms including Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS). The incumbent will have foundational skills in networking, cybersecurity, cloud services, and system administration.


Key Responsibilities

Network Administration & Infrastructure Support:
Assist with configuration, monitoring, and troubleshooting of multi-vendor network equipment.
Support connectivity, DNS/DHCP, IP services, and performance diagnostics.
Cybersecurity Monitoring & Defense:
Support threat detection, logging, vulnerability scanning, and incident triage.
Assist with MFA issues, access reviews, and identity controls.
Cloud Platform Support (Azure & AWS):
Assist with provisioning and monitoring Azure and AWS resources (VMs, storage, networking, IAM).
Support cloud security and Infrastructure-as-Code basics.
Systems Administration:
Provide support for Windows/Linux servers, virtualization, backups, and endpoint security.
Technical Support & Problem Resolution:
Diagnose and resolve issues using structured troubleshooting.
Position Requirements:	
Qualifications and Skills

Knowledge of networking (TCP/IP, VLANs, VPNs, firewalls).
Understanding of cybersecurity concepts, MFA, identity management.

Education, Training, and Experience


Mandatory

Currently pursuing a University Degree or College Diploma in Computer Systems Technology - Network Administration & Cybersecurity (or equivalent).
Foundational experience with Azure (AD/Entra ID, VMs, storage).
Exposure to AWS services (EC2, S3, IAM).

Preferred

Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ?900) / Azure Administrator (AZ?104).
AWS Cloud Practitioner.
CompTIA A+, Network+, Security+.
Cisco CCNA.


Travel

Ability to travel to Mohawk Medbuy offices if required.


Hours: Full time (37.5 hours per week)


Duration: 16 weeks


Working Arrangement: Hybrid (Three days in office, two days remote)



Salary- $20-$24 per hour, dependent on experience.



Office Location: 1107 Clay Ave, Burlington, ON L7L 0A1


As a condition of employment, you are required to submit proof of full COVID-19 vaccination to Human Resources.



MMC is a Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP) employer offering a comprehensive benefits package and flexible remote work options. The targeted hiring range of this role is $20 - $24 per hour dependent on experience. This job posting is for a newly created vacancy.



Qualified candidates with a desire to join our innovative team are invited to submit their application in Dayforce. Mohawk Medbuy does not use artificial intelligence to screen, assess or select applicants.



We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. If contacted for an interview, please inform us should any accommodation be required. Mohawk Medbuy is committed to providing accessible employment practices that comply with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).