Intern, Financial Data Analyst 
Crestpoint Real Estate Investments Ltd.
Toronto, ON
 
Interested in joining one of Canada’s top performing asset managers?  We are looking for a Financial Data Analyst Intern/Co-op student for an existing vacancy for a 4-month term (May – August 2026) to join our Crestpoint Real Estate Investments Ltd. (“Crestpoint”) team. This role blends finance, data, quantitative analysis, and technology—ideal for a student interested in real estate capital markets, financial modeling, and applied analytics. Our offices currently operate on an in-office model.
 
What You Will Do
 
Financial Modeling & Insights
Support the investment, asset management, development, and finance teams by building financial models and analytical tools that enhance decision-making.
Conduct quantitative research on macroeconomic trends, real estate markets and asset class performance.
Portfolio Analytics
Create dashboards to visualize key performance metrics.
Support scenario analysis, sensitivity testing, and forecasting models.
Data Integration & Automation
Pull and ingest data from various internal and external systems.
Develop scripts or pipelines that enable the automation of recurring data tasks.
Support the automation of recurring reporting workflows.
Conduct data validation and reconciliation across multiple systems.
 
What You Bring
Currently pursuing a degree in Finance, Financial Engineering, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, or related field.
Strong analytical and quantitative modeling skills.
Proficiency in Excel VBA.
Experience with Python or R.
Familiarity with SQL, ETL workflows, and data structures is an asset.
Exposure to Power BI, Tableau, or other business intelligence tools is a plus.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Exceptional attention to detail, accuracy, and structured problem-solving.
Demonstrated ability to work efficiently under pressure; dealing with changes and interruptions while maintaining strict deadlines.
 
The expected salary for this position is $45,000 annually. The salary range provided reflects the base salary range for this position as required by legislation. Further questions may be directed to the HR team during the interview process.
 
About Connor, Clark & Lunn Financial Group
 
At CC&L Financial Group, we understand the value of opportunity – for our clients and our team. Independent and employee-owned, we partner with investment professionals to grow successful asset management businesses, giving them the space to innovate and truly make an impact. With more than 40 years of history and offices across Canada and in the US, the UK and India, CC&L Financial Group and our multi-boutique family of affiliate firms collectively manage over $180 billion in client assets, providing a diverse range of traditional and alternative investment products and solutions to institutional, high-net-worth and retail clients. 
 
Crestpoint is a real estate investment and asset management affiliate of CC&L Financial Group. The firm has approximately $11 billion in assets under management. At present, the Crestpoint team is comprised of over 50 real estate investment professionals based in our head office in Toronto. With properties located from coast to coast in Canada, Crestpoint’s current portfolio is comprised of over 330 buildings and more than 37 million square feet with exposure to the office, industrial, retail and multi-family sectors.
 
For a closer look at how you can build your career with us, we invite you to explore cclgroup.com. 

CC&L Financial Group is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation or expression, disability, or age. 
 
To apply for this position, please submit your resume, cover letter and transcript as one PDF. The inclusion of a sample project, GitHub link, or modeling example in the PDF is optional. 
 
Your application will be reviewed by a member of the hiring team - AI is not used in the screening, assessment or selection of applications at this time.
 
We thank all applicants in advance for their interest, but only those candidates shortlisted for interviews will be contacted.  No telephone calls or recruitment agencies will be accepted.   