About the job
Redpath Sugar is located on Toronto’s historic downtown waterfront and has been a part of Canada’s heritage for more than 160 years. Our brand is the oldest food-related trademark in Canada and is recognized across the country. Redpath Sugar is part of ASR Group, the largest cane sugar refiner in the world.

Overview

We are seeking a motivated and enthusiastic Intern to join our dynamic team and gain hands-on experience in the field of Data and Analytics (D&A). As an intern, you will have the opportunity to work closely with our experienced IT professionals, contribute to real-world projects, and enhance your skills in various aspects of D&A from data governance, data quality, data architecture, master data management, and business intelligence and analytics. In addition, the internship program will give you access to a mentor in another area of IT. You will be given the opportunity to present to IT Leadership throughout the program. You will get personal one-on-one time with IT Executives.

Detailed Roles & Responsibilities 

 Most of the work will be focused on specific data and analytics and advanced automation projects.
 Project work to include assistance on in flight projects with Global Supply Chain Digital Twins, Automation of Counter-Based Maintenance in Toronto, Optimization of Sugar Output of Specialty in Toronto 
 Other areas of learning and assisting will be:
 Participating with the Buffalo MRO and Maintenance data enrichment project. 
 Contributing to the development and maintenance of relevant project documentation including procedures. Support in researching and evaluating emerging solutions that align with the organization's needs and goals. 
Education Requirements

 Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Information Security, Data and Analytics, or a related field and currently in Junior or Senior year of study. 

Essential Capabilities

 Basic understanding of data and analytics concepts. 
 Basic understanding of ERP systems. 
 Strong data organizational skills with Microsoft Excel. 
 Familiarity with common data and analytics concepts and technologies, such as data governance, data modeling, and analytics. 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a keen attention to detail. 
 Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. 
 Eagerness to learn and stay updated on the evolving landscape of IT best practices. 
 Must be able to commute to our office location in Toronto for key meetings with stakeholders as required. 

 LOCATION OF ROLE 

 Toronto, Canada 
 The wage for this position is $20.28 / hour 
 This is a vacant seasonal contract position 
