Our employees are at the heart of everything we do. Together, we help people, businesses, and society prosper in good times and be resilient in bad times.


Our employee promise represents Intact’s commitment to you in exchange for living our Values, striving to do your best work, being open to change and investing in your career. In return, we promise to provide support, opportunities and performance-led financial rewards at a workplace where you can shape the future, win as a team and grow with us.

Salary for the candidate will be determined taking into consideration a number of factors including: experience, skills, qualifications, anticipated contribution to role, internal equity, etc. The salary range presented below is based on a 35-hour workweek and would represent a majority of different candidate profiles. However, we encourage candidates who may fall outside of this range to apply as well.

Salary range (but not limited to):

66,500 - 83,100
 

About the role

Launching your tech career at Intact means joining a diverse team of more than 3,000 Digital, Data and Tech experts working at the intersection of what exists and what’s possible. Here, you’ll be supported by forward-thinking leaders who celebrate shared success, and you’ll help push the industry forward with digital solutions that go beyond insurance to offer everyday value to millions of people. You’ll grow personally and professionally with access to cutting-edge technology-driven learning platforms and make lasting connections near and far. Most importantly, you’ll discover how exciting the “real world” can be. 
Here, your career will take off 🚀 

 

Are you passionate about shaping the future with AI? Is your sweet spot blending machine learning, software craftsmanship, and real-world problem solving? Are you an advocate for readable code, solid engineering practices, and user-centered solutions? We’ve got the perfect opportunity for you. We are seeking AI Developer interns to join our fast-moving team and build reliable, scalable AI-powered applications. 

What you’ll do here: 

Build and test backend features for AI projects: write clean code, create small prototypes, and validate your work with unit tests. 

Turn complex data into insights: help analyze datasets and translate findings into clear recommendations for the team. 

Collaborate in an agile squad: participate in standups, brainstorm technical solutions, and use modern web/app technologies to deliver value. 

Ship with confidence: document how things work, support deployments, share updates/estimates, and help teammates with production handoffs. 

Technical Skills required: Object Oriented Programming - Python, Java, Knowledge of development design patterns, Knowledge and interest in Artificial Intelligence   

Nice to have: Interest in Java/Kotlin, Docker/Kubernetes, Hazelcast/Redis, Spring Boot/Spring Cloud and MongoDB/Oracle technologies     

 

What you bring to the table: 

Currently pursuing a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in a field related to software development, computer science, or anything relevant; 

Available to work with us full-time, 35 hours per week, for the Summer 2026 Term (May to August) 

Must be an active student during your internship and/or returning to school in next Fall 2026 following your internship 

Past relevant internship/co-op experience(s) considered an asset 

Understand the software development lifecycle and be curious about continuous delivery pipelines and testing. 

Understand the basics of an agile way of work  

Strong analytical abilities and problem-solving skills. 

Adaptability, curiosity, and commitment to continuous learning. 

Excellent communication skills with a passion for technology. 

Self-reliant with a strong sense of responsibility. 

 

Your career starts here.  Apply today! 

We can’t wait to learn more about you. When you complete your application, remember to include your resume and University/College transcript. We hire co-ops every semester (Winter, Summer and Fall)! 

 

We’re accepting applications now through January 23, 2026. All submissions will be reviewed during this time, as well as after the posting closes. 

Il s'agit d'un nouveau rôle au sein de notre équipe en plein croissance | This role is a new member of our growing team.