Student, Associate Data Engineer (Summer 2026)
Apply
locations
Toronto, Ontario
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
job requisition id
JR00119751
Our student and new graduate programs offer a chance to explore Sun Life from the inside. You’ll make a difference in the lives of our customers and communities, while building the skills and experience that allow you to grow in a meaningful and rewarding way.

Job Description:

The Canadian Engineering team is looking for an Associate Data Engineer with an interest in designing, developing, implementing, supporting, and analyzing AWS Data pipelines, Data Ingestion and Data Architecture. The successful candidate will have strong technical and problem-solving skills and will show initiative, be accepting of responsibility and be open to learning new skills.

Preferred Skills

You are passionate about technology and this digital era. You seek an environment that encourages collaboration and sharing. You work well with others; you are empathetic and compassionate yet assertive to speak your mind clearly. You see solutions instead of obstacles; you get inspired and try to inspire. You believe that change is possible, and you can make it happen.

Qualifications

Even if you do not have all competencies and experiences below, we would like to hear from you! We recognize that skills can be transferrable and encourage employee growth within your role. We foster collaboration and diversity in our team.

Experience or knowledge of developing solutions for data warehouse loads and system integrations using ETL tools

Experience or knowledge of developing data pipelines using AWS Glue

Experience or knowledge of Python script development using PySpark, Python libraries, configuration driven and object-oriented ETL

Strong knowledge of SQL is essential

Experience or knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps practices for data engineering workflows

Experience or knowledge of Jenkins for automated build and deployment processes

Familiarity with version control systems such as GitHub or Bitbucket for collaborative development

Experience or knowledge of Generative AI or Agentic AI applications in the data engineering space, including LLM integration for data processing, analysis, or automation

An understanding and/or hands-on experience with Step and Lambda functions will be an asset

Experience with data modeling concepts and data structure design for supporting high performing read SQLs

Ability to deep dive in existing data integration code to analyze and reverse engineer

Strong analytical skills, including conceptual, requirements interpretation, solution creation and problem-solving abilities

Excellent collaboration and leadership skills and proven ability to adapt to challenges, coaching and mentoring

Ability to work in a global multi-site environment and working in a matrix environment, onshore/offshore IT mode

Ability to lead a team of diverse skill sets and interface with peripheral technical teams

This opportunity is available to students with a August 2026 or later graduation date

Responsibilities

Provide coding and design help on the construction and maintenance of robust and efficient data applications and reusable frameworks

Develop data pipelines in an AWS Cloud environment using Python and AWS Glue (PySpark) technology

Implement and maintain CI/CD pipelines for automated testing and deployment of data solutions

Responsible for coordinating or participating in all aspects of the development cycle from design and development to release planning and implementation of data systems

Deliver solutions according to Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for either waterfall or agile projects

Provide consultation for the evaluation of data and software systems

Develop and manage effective working relationships with other departments, groups or personnel with whom work must be coordinated

What’s in it for you?

At Sun Life, you will be joining a purpose driven organization focused on helping Canadian’s achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. 

As a student, you’ll make a real impact by contributing to meaningful work, gaining valuable experience and actively working towards your team’s goals.

You’ll join our unique student culture, designed to help you grow both personally and professionally beyond your role. We offer professional development workshops, student awards, socials and many more exciting opportunities. 

We are honored to be recognized as Canada’s Best Employers for Recent Graduates and Canada's Best Workplaces by Great Place to Work in 2025.

Your student journey is just the beginning and we're proud to help many who choose Sun Life to transition into permanent roles after graduation.