Full job description
Job Type: Co-op/Intern
Work Model: Hybrid
Reference code: 131530
Primary Location: Toronto, ON
All Available Locations: Toronto, ON


Our Purpose


At Deloitte, our Purpose is to make an impact that matters. We exist to inspire and help our people, organizations, communities, and countries to thrive by building a better future. Our work underpins a prosperous society where people can find meaning and opportunity. It builds consumer and business confidence, empowers organizations to find imaginative ways of deploying capital, enables fair, trusted, and functioning social and economic institutions, and allows our friends, families, and communities to enjoy the quality of life that comes with a sustainable future. And as the largest 100% Canadian-owned and operated professional services firm in our country, we are proud to work alongside our clients to make a positive impact for all Canadians.

By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters.

-
The advisory landscape is quickly evolving and transformation of how we deliver value to clients has become a business imperative. We are seeking analytical, innovative thinkers with front-end and back-end development expertise to join our development team in designing and developing market-leading, AI-powered solutions that transform our delivery. Are you ready for the challenge?

What will your typical day look like?

As a Software Engineering intern in the Strategy, Risk & Transactions (SR&T) Innovation Centre of Excellence, you will focus primarily on designing, building, and deploying software solutions, while also gaining exposure to other aspects of the software development lifecycle such as analysis, testing, and project coordination.


As an intern on our team, you will:


Build and deploy GenAI solutions—including RAG workflows, intelligent agents, and dashboards
Integrate advanced AI capabilities such as document understanding, image analysis, and conversational agents to address business needs.
Participate in prototyping, testing, and optimizing AI-powered applications on the Azure platform.
About the team

The SR&T Innovation COE team empowers the Strategy, Risk & Transactions business to achieve sustainable profitable and market leading growth by harnessing the potential of emerging technologies (including GenAI), design-driven innovation approaches, and multidisciplinary talent. By ideating, incubating, and accelerating innovative solutions, we help teams transform, address clients’ most pressing challenges, and deliver differentiated value—ensuring SR&T remains agile and competitive in an ever-evolving market.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

We are seeking candidates who have demonstrated exceptional performance in Computer Science, Engineering and/or Math majors who possess the following capabilities:


Strong academic performance (minimum 75% overall average) and at least one completed internship, graduating 2026 or later
Hands-on experience or strong interest in building GenAI solutions (e.g., RAG, agents, workflows) using Microsoft Azure services such as OpenAI, Azure AI Vision, Azure AI Document Intelligence, and Azure AI Search
Proficiency in developing cloud-based applications and integrating AI services with Python (backend) and/or React (frontend)
Experience with SQL databases in cloud environments, especially Azure SQL
Familiarity with deploying, managing, and optimizing AI models and data pipelines on Azure
Analytical, innovative mindset with a passion for emerging technologies
Strong knowledge of Microsoft products (Power Platform, Power BI, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, etc.)
Experience in business requirements gathering, systems analysis, project coordination, and software testing
Collaborative, adaptable, and action-oriented with leadership potential