Position Title:	Cloud Software Developer Intern (7)
Position Description:	
At Ford, we believe that the automobile industry is transforming into a highly software driven landscape, where every car is a connected computer on wheels, and users buy based on experience. As such, we are building a world-class software studio to drive this future, by hiring top talent and building highly productive teams. Our team is part of a multi-billion dollar investment by Ford to build this next generation connectivity platform.
The Full Stack Developer will join a team that manages and maintains our rapidly growing vehicle analytics framework. You will be working in a fast-paced and high-volume processing environment, where quality and attention to detail are vital. As a software developer at Ford, you will be interacting with cutting edge vehicles and prototype entertainment consoles. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and managing various cloud components that are designed to scale linearly to support billions of transactions a day. Software development and coding is your passion and "hobby".
Location: Waterloo
Length of Term: 4, 8, or 12 months

RESPONSIBILITIES

Leverage industry best practices to design, test, implement and support a solution.
Build and manage REST APIs.
Work directly with users and developers to improve and maintain our data pipeline.
Develop and deploy enterprise grade software into production environments

Position Requirements:	
DESIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Back-end development experience in Java, SQL, Shell Scripts.
Working knowledge of HTML5/CSS3, and an eye for UI design.
Experience in common front-end technologies: knockout.js, RequireJS, Bootstrap, jQuery, etc.
Database experience, including both non-relational and relational. SQL Server experience a plus.
Proficiency with Spring Framework, Java Spark, or related Web/MVC framework.
Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills.
ADDITIONAL ASSETS

Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills; uses strong communication skills to communicate complex issues in easily understandable terms.
Effective inter-personal skills working well with a fast moving team.
Understanding of enterprise application architecture from front to back.
Message queueing technologies and principals. RabbitMQ experience a plus.
Understanding of OS/Compiler concepts such as: linker, translational unit, CRT, symbols, name mangling, elf file format, etc.
Experience with Cloud Foundry, or related PaaS

Ford of Canada is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Accommodations for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment, selection and / or assessment processes, where needed, are available upon request. Please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require.

For Undergraduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $28.39 - $35.92. Rates are based on the number of completed work terms to a maximum of 6 terms.

For Graduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $35.92 - $39.51. Rates are based on the number of completed school terms to a maximum of 3 terms.

This posting is for an existing vacancy within our team.



Position Location:	In-person
Work Location - Street Address:	176 Columbia St W
Work Location - City, Prov/State:	Waterloo, ON
Salary:	$26.00 - $29.99/hr
Hours Per Week:	40
Number of Positions:	1