Waabi, founded by AI pioneer and visionary Raquel Urtasun, is an AI company building the next generation of self-driving technology. With a world class team and an innovative approach that unleashes the power of AI to “drive” safely in the real world, Waabi is bringing the promise of self-driving closer to commercialization than ever before. Waabi is backed by best-in-class investors across the technology, logistics and the Canadian innovation ecosystem.

With offices in Toronto, San Francisco, Dallas, and Pittsburgh, Waabi is growing quickly and looking for diverse, innovative and collaborative candidates who want to impact the world in a positive way. To learn more visit: www.waabi.ai

At the heart of our mission is an unwavering commitment to safety. We are seeking a curious and analytical Safety Methodologies Intern to support the development and implementation of the frameworks that underpin our driverless readiness decisions. This is a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience in the autonomous vehicle industry, and you will be helping us quantitatively validate the safety of our autonomous trucking solution using our highly realistic simulator and real-world data.

Application Instructions:

 To be considered for an internship/co-op, please add your most up to date academic transcripts alongside your resume for further review.
 The Summer Internship is expected to start May/June 2026 and continue on a full-time basis (40 hours/week) to August/September 2026.

You will…

 Support the debugging and optimization of data pipelines and automated assessment workflows used for safety validation.
 Develop Python scripts and tools to calculate quantitative metrics and visualize complex data for engineering stakeholders.
 Conduct literature reviews and research on emerging safety methods, industry standards, and human driving benchmarks to support the evolution of the safety case.
 Assist in identifying safety gaps and verifying driving behaviors against established safety targets.
 Collaborate with the team to define the specific scope of your project based on your unique skillset, whether that be focused on data analysis, safety evaluation pipelines, or safety research.

Qualifications:

 Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Computer Science, Robotics, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field.
 Strong scripting skills, particularly in Python, with experience in data manipulation libraries (e.g., Pandas, NumPy).
 Ability to communicate complex concepts or data in a simple-yet-accurate manner.
 Collaborative team player who works effectively across functional boundaries.
 Passionate about self-driving technologies, solving hard problems, and creating innovative solutions.

Bonus/nice to have:

 Previous internship or academic experience in robotics, automotive, or data science.
 Experience with SQL or other data mining tools.
 Experience creating data visualizations or dashboards.

 Perks/Benefits: 

Waabi provides a competitive benefits package that includes:

 Flexible hours and Work from Home support
 Daily drinks, snacks and catered meals (when in office)
 Regularly scheduled team building activities and social events
 As we grow, this list continues to evolve!

Waabi is a technology start-up building technologies to transform the way the world moves. Join our talented team to be a part of the future and to make an impact!

Waabi is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating a supportive, inclusive, and accessible workplace for all our employees. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, age, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, caregiver status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. We make workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know.

We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.