BE A PART OF A REVOLUTIONARY CHANGE

 


At Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. (“RBH”), Philip Morris International’s subsidiary in Canada, we’ve chosen to do something incredible. We’re totally transforming our business and building our future on smoke-free products.

With huge change comes huge opportunity. So, wherever you join us, you’ll enjoy the freedom to dream up and deliver better, brighter solutions and the space to advance your career in endlessly different directions.

 

 

Embracing Diversity, Equity, And Inclusion

 

 

We believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are essential drivers of innovation and success. Our commitment is to create a workplace where everyone feels valued, respected, and empowered to share their unique perspectives.

 

We celebrate the innovation that diversity fosters and recognize that each employee's capabilities, experiences, and perspectives add value to our teams and our work.

 

 

Equal Employment Opportunity



We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of race, ancestry, colour, religion, marital/family status (including pregnancy), national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, immigrant and newcomer status, age, citizenship, or disability.

 

We strive to recognize and value diversity and equity, and to ensure the inclusion of equity-deserving groups and the four designated groups under the Employment Equity Act: women, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities, and members of visible minorities. We value, respect, and equally support applicants from these groups.

 

 

ABOUT INKOMPASS

 

 

Real Projects, Real Challenges, Real Impact. 

 

Embark on a journey of self-discovery with our summer internship program! 

At Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc. (RBH), we’ve chosen to do something incredible. We’re transforming our business and building our future with one clear purpose – to deliver a smoke-free future. We are disrupting our company from the inside out. Our transformation is redefining every area of our business. From where and how we make and sell our products to how we engage our consumers and society. 

 

Why This Opportunity is Perfect for You: 

 

This internship program offers you the chance to discover yourself through diverse challenges and cultural experiences, preparing you for a fulfilling career.  

Your fresh perspective and positive mindset can drive our smoke-free future. You will collaborate on meaningful projects, making this the ideal start to your career for several reasons: 

Discover yourself through day-to-day and project-based work. 
Build and enhance your capabilities while gaining exposure to a corporate environment. 
Work directly with senior executives and cross-functional teams to develop practical skills. 
 

 

ABOUT THE ROLE

 

As an IT B2C intern, you will lead the way in unique and transformative IT projects. With the spirit of a start-up and the support of a global business, the possibilities are limitless. Work on exciting projects that define our digital future.

 



YOUR DAY TO DAY

 

 

Participate in the design, build and deployment of IT solutions or IT processes and/or delivery of IT services
Provide support to customers by managing requests or solving issues
Create and maintain systems/services documentation, training programs/materials, and operating manuals
Acquire knowledge of IT Service delivery model, IT processes and IT portfolio of solutions.
Working on development, innovation and support of our E-commerce platform.
 



WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR

 

Ongoing diploma in Science in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software engineering, Computer Information Systems, Business Data Analytics or related fields of IT
Experience with Python, Salesforce, e-commerce platform and Power BI is considered an asset
 

 

 

 

WHAT YOU NEED TO APPLY

 

Graduation year of 2026, 2027 or 2028 (2nd, 3rd, and 4th-year undergraduate students) as well as MBA students
Strong collaboration and communication skills 
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook 
Creativity, curiosity, and a proactive team player attitude 
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills 
Availability to be physically in Toronto from April 28th to August 26th  
Excellent command of written English 
 

Evaluation Process

 

Applicants who meet the criteria will be invited for a video interview to assess communication, team-building, and problem-solving skills. Successful candidates will then complete an online assessment to evaluate analytical skills. Top applicants will be invited to the Virtual On-Ground Assessment (VOGA), where they will meet with our team. 

Application Deadline: January 29th, 2026 

 

Info Sessions: 

Join our info sessions on January 14th to ask questions, meet past interns, and learn more about the program. Instructions for joining will be shared soon. 

 

Please be informed that our recruitment process incorporates AI technology for unbiased and efficient candidate evaluation at the virtual interview stage of the process. 

 

 

 

WHAT WE OFFER

 

  

We offer the opportunity to join an organization where you can grow in a wide range of business functions. You will have the chance to build your professional expertise, business understanding, and leadership capabilities in a collaborative, challenging environment where we will empower you to take risks, experiment, and explore. Our company fosters excellence in execution and is comprised of dedicated people all working together to continue to grow our status as industry leaders. 

 

Our internship program offers a base salary of 25$ per hour and a full-time schedule.

 

You will also be a part of an inclusive, diverse culture, where everyone’s contribution is respected; collaborate with some of the world’s best people and feel like you belong.   

 

After the summer, we offer opportunities to extend on a Part-time/Full-Time basis during the next semester, contract positions, as well as the possibility to be hired permanently for students who are close to graduation, if an opportunity becomes available and following a regular recruitment process.  

 

For any internship position at Head Office, you will be required to be physically at the office from Monday to Wednesday (subject to changes at the discretion of the company) 

 

 

 

WHO WE ARE



Our parent company, PMI, is one of the world’s leading international tobacco companies. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, PMI is engaged in the development and commercialization of smoke-free products.


RBH is thrilled to announce that we have been officially certified as a Great Place to Work, a testament to our commitment to fostering a positive and inclusive workplace culture. Click on the following link to learn more about what RBH believes: https://www.rbhinc.ca/home/what-we-believe.

We welcome and encourage applicants to reach their full potential with us. We use artificial intelligence in the form of algorithmic software in the application process to create efficiencies when sorting applicants and facilitating an effective screening process. Notwithstanding, the artificial intelligence software does not engage in autonomous candidate rejection and requires human intervention in screening relevant applications. If you are unable to apply for a position online or require any further accommodation during our recruitment process, please contact: AODA.RBH@rbhinc.ca.

https://join.pmicareers.com/gb/en/job/PMIPMIGB19516EXTERNALENGB/Inkompass-Head-Office-IT-B2C-Intern?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=phenom-feeds