Student, Associate DevOps Engineer (Summer 2026)
Apply
locations
North York, Ontario
Toronto, Ontario
Sun Life Waterloo King
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
job requisition id
JR00119753
Our student and new graduate programs offer a chance to explore Sun Life from the inside. You’ll make a difference in the lives of our customers and communities, while building the skills and experience that allow you to grow in a meaningful and rewarding way.

Job Description:

The Canadian Engineering team is looking for an Associate DevOps Engineer with an interest in designing, developing, implementing, supporting, and analyzing large-scale tooling and systems that support the end-to-end mobile development process. The successful candidate will have strong technical and problem-solving skills and will show initiative, be accepting of responsibility and be open to learning new skills.

Preferred skills

You are passionate about technology and this digital era. You seek an environment that encourages collaboration and sharing. You work well with others; you are empathetic and compassionate yet assertive to speak your mind clearly. You see solutions instead of obstacles; you get inspired and try to inspire. You believe that change is possible, and you can make it happen.

Qualifications

Even if you do not have all competencies and experiences below, we would like to hear from you! We recognize that skills can be transferrable and encourage employee growth within your role. We foster collaboration and diversity in our team.

University Computer Science degree or equivalent degree program with a graduation date of August 2026 or later

Good knowledge of scripting languages such as Bach, PowerShell, Python and Groovy

Knowledge on any one of object-oriented programming (Ex: C#, Java, or python)

Familiar with Security tools such as CheckMarx, Snyk, Seeker, Burp Suit

Experience administering Jenkins build environments

Proficient with Git and Git workflows

Good analytical skills; able to assess alternatives, risks and benefits; attention to detail

AWS Services (e.g., Lambda, S3, API Gateway, SageMaker) and interest in Generative AI and Agentic AI gig work
Teamwork -  ability to work collaboratively with others (technical and non-technical)

Good communicator, self-motivated and service-oriented, a self-starter 

Ability to work both independently and as part of a strong, collaborative multi-site 

team. 

Self-directed and proactive; thinking beyond the immediate problem with ability to 
analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective, right-sized solutions

Excellent organizing, planning and time management skills 

Familiar with AzureDevops

​Responsibilities

Support the Continuous Integration and Delivery pipeline of Sun Life's Canadian IT API applications  

Maintain and enhance the tools used to build, test, and deploy the application to our internal and external testers

Interface with architects, designers, business system analysts, application analysts, operation teams and testing specialists to deliver high quality solutions 

Deploy, configure, manage technical infrastructure including all DevOps tooling used by Platform Engineering Canadian IT  

Troubleshoot and resolve technical operational issues related to IT Infrastructure 

Work on projects involving 3rd party and offshore teams 

Participate in the discovery and evaluation of modern technologies, contribute to innovation sessions and bring creative ideas to the table 

What's in it for you?

At Sun Life, you will be joining a purpose driven organization focused on helping Canadian’s achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives.

As a student, you’ll make a real impact by contributing to meaningful work, gaining valuable experience and actively working towards your team’s goals.

You’ll join our unique student culture, designed to help you grow both personally and professionally beyond your role.

We offer professional development workshops, student awards, socials and many more exciting opportunities. 

We are honored to be recognized as Canada’s Best Employers for Recent Graduates and Canada's Best Workplaces by Great Place to Work in 2025.

Your student journey is just the beginning and we're proud to help many who choose Sun Life to transition into permanent roles after graduation.

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted for. The Base Pay which you will be considered for will vary depending on the Campus program you are selected for.

Eligible Sun Life employees for various Campus Graduate programs will also participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our Clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process, or those needing job postings in an alternative format, may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

We are proud to be a hybrid organization that offers our employees the choice and flexibility to work from both the office and virtually based on the needs of the business, our Clients and you! Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We may use artificial intelligence to support candidate sourcing, screening, interview scheduling.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Job Category:

Temporary Employee
Posting End Date:

29/01/2026