IKO Industries Ltd. is a market leader in the manufacturing of roofing and building materials. IKO is a Canadian owned and operated business with production facilities worldwide and has many years of unparalleled success in the roofing materials industry. Quality, integrity, and trustworthiness are the values that underlie this success, and we have built this company by hiring people who hold these values. People like you!
 

Job Description

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?

Competitive compensation/pay package: $22.00 - $24.00 per hour
Start Date: 05/04/2026 for a 4‑month term, with the possibility of extension
Be part of a long-standing and stable industry leader
WHEN YOU JOIN US, YOU WILL BE;

Develop and maintain data pipelines that ensure data from various sources is accurately integrated into our systems.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand data needs and transform business requirements into technical solutions.
Optimize data pipelines for performance, ensuring data accuracy and timeliness.
Assist in monitoring data pipelines and quickly resolve any issues that arise.
Document Data pipelines and solutions to contribute to traceability, training and ongoing improvements.
OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE;

A current sophomore, junior, or senior student with a background in computer science, data engineering, or a related field.
A foundational knowledge of SQL and ETL tools (e.g., Azure Data Factory, API, Fabric Data Flow, SSIS, Talend, etc.).
Experience in data transformation, integration (cloud-based solutions), and the Microsoft Fabric stack (e.g., Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Fabric Data Flow) a plus
A keen interest in data integration, transformation, ETL and ELT best practices.
Strong problem-solving and organizational skills, with an attention to detail.
A willingness to learn and collaborate with a team to build high-quality data solutions.
Knowledge of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and applied experience with data-related projects
Self-motivated, adaptable, and able to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment
A team player, and initiator, with the ability to manage complex tasks and priorities
Bilingual proficiency in spoken and written French is an asset
Benefits of Employment: IKO recognizes that its success is due to the strength of its employees. A primary goal of IKO is to promote individual employee's sense of accomplishment and contribution so that employees enjoy their association with IKO. The Company invests in its employees so that they are the most knowledgeable in the industry, and undertakes great efforts to nurture loyalty to, and teamwork at, IKO. We are pleased to offer competitive compensation, health care, a progressive and challenging workplace and a commitment to teamwork and integrity.
 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employment: IKO Industries Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without consideration to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. IKO Industries Ltd. encourages and welcomes applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.