About the job
Waabi, founded by AI pioneer and visionary Raquel Urtasun, is an AI company building the next generation of self-driving technology. With a world class team and an innovative approach that unleashes the power of AI to “drive” safely in the real world, Waabi is bringing the promise of self-driving closer to commercialization than ever before. Waabi is backed by best-in-class investors across the technology, logistics and the Canadian innovation ecosystem.

With offices in Toronto, San Francisco, Dallas, and Pittsburgh, Waabi is growing quickly and looking for diverse, innovative and collaborative candidates who want to impact the world in a positive way. To learn more visit: www.waabi.ai

Application Instructions:

 To be considered for an internship/co-op, please add your most up to date academic transcripts alongside your resume for further review.
 The Summer Internship is expected to start May/June 2026 and continue on a full-time basis (40 hours/week) to August/September 2026.

You will…

 Be part of the Platform Requirements and Verification team, collaborating with multidisciplinary Engineers and Research Scientists to enable safe self-driving at scale.
 Focus on Software Development for tools to support the Platform team's validation and verification (V&V) activities with emphasis on: vehicle dynamics and control simulation for Autonomous Vehicle (AV) systems and use of Large Language Models (LLMs) for generating requirements and verification, as-well, as test environments.
 Receive hands-on work experience in identifying system requirements, building simulation environments, and deploying software.
 Work closely and learn Systems Engineering, Architecture Design, Requirements and Verification

Qualifications:

 Working towards a BSc, MSc, or PhD in Computer Science, Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a similar technical field of study.
 Demonstrated software engineering experience: through previous internships, work experience, coursework, and personal initiatives.
 Proven capabilities of functional software with Python and/or Rust.
 A strong passion for robotics systems and an intuitive understanding of actual electro-mechanical problems in the context of self-driving or robotics.

Bonus/nice to have:

 Prior experience or participation in a Formula SAE, Baja SAE, or other relevant robotics/vehicle competition.
 Experience with physics-based simulation environments for vehicle dynamics and controls.
 Knowledge of low-level systems, including C++ or Robotics Operating Systems (ROS).Familiarity with Generative AI / Large Language Models (LLMs) APIs.

 Perks/Benefits: 

Waabi provides a competitive benefits package that includes:

 Flexible hours and Work from Home support
 Daily drinks, snacks and catered meals (when in office)
 Regularly scheduled team building activities and social events
 As we grow, this list continues to evolve!

Waabi is a technology start-up building technologies to transform the way the world moves. Join our talented team to be a part of the future and to make an impact!

Waabi is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating a supportive, inclusive, and accessible workplace for all our employees. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, age, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, caregiver status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. We make workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know.

We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.