bout the job
🌍 About Us

NPX partners with nuclear utilities and new reactor projects to unlock performance through innovation. We combine decades of nuclear operation expertise with AI, digital tools, and lean processes, to help plants run safer, smarter, and more cost-effectively. Our AI Products & Services team scales this expertise through NPX-developed AI products, delivering solutions to clients across Canada, the U.S., and globally.


🧠 The Role 

NPX is seeking an AI Developer co-op to design, develop, and deploy AI agents and contribute to our AI products that revolutionize how work is being done in Nuclear.
Your work will improve the efficiency of nuclear operations, contributing to safer, faster, and more cost-effective outcomes across the nuclear industry. This role is for someone who thrives on taking ownership of projects, juggling multiple initiatives at once, and quickly learning new tools and technologies, particularly in AI.
This role could be a mix of AI development & full-stack development depending on your interests and experience.
Location: Remote from Ontario
Start Date: May 4, 2026
Duration: 4 month to start with potential to extend
Salary Range: $26-31/hour (depending on the academic level)
Travel Requirements: Potential travel to office 2-3 times throughout the co-op term
Condition of Employment: All NPXers are required to obtain a nuclear security clearance as a condition of employment. We'd help you every step of the way but wanted to let you know!


🎯 What You’ll Drive 

Design, develop, and deploy AI agents that solve real problems and enhance user experiences.
Own and develop new features for our products and build upon existing functionality.
Support the transition from prototypes to production by contributing to front-end/back-end integration and basic testing.
Continuously and rapidly refine ideas through feedback, data, and ongoing experimentation.
Tech Stack: React, Next.js, Python, Azure, Minio, Weaviate, Ollama, Postgres, Redis


🌿 What You’ll Find Here

To do great work, you need to be well in mind, body, and soul. At NPX, we design our environment around the whole person, not just the job they do.
🧠 Mind: Tools and support for mental wellness, professional growth, and financial security.
🧘 ♀️ Body: Health coverage, a spending account, and the freedom to rest and recharge.
🌀 Soul: Meaningful work, alignment with your values, and time to refresh with time off.
💰👀 Financial wellbeing? Covered. That means competitive pay and recognition for the impact you make.


💬 Pssst. Just a heads up that we use AI to help in the filtering of candidates based on job-specific criteria. Humans decide who to move forward, and this way we're able to spend more of our time supporting our candidates directly.