Co-op, AWS Administrator
Apply
locations
Toyota Canada Inc - Head Office
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 2 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: January 30, 2026 (7 days left to apply)
job requisition id
10318511
Job Description 

Co-op, AWS Administrator

Scarborough, Ontario (Hybrid)

Deadline: This posting will close by January 29, 2026, at 11:59 PM EST.

The anticipated hourly rate for this position ranges from $22/hour to $31/hour, with final compensation based on the candidate’s completed co-op work terms.

Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) currently has an exciting co-op opportunity assisting our Information Services department, specifically within our Infrastructure Team. The successful candidate will gain hands-on experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud administration while contributing to real-world projects. This co-op is located at our Scarborough office and will follow a hybrid working policy.

What We’ll Bring:

Company & Culture

A hybrid work environment
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career
A focus on respect for people and continuous improvement
Co-op Program Initiatives

Case competition with other students to solve a real-world business problem
Co-op Events (business acumen series, past & present series, final presentation)
Social lunches – connect with co-op students from all departments
What You’ll Be Doing:

AWS Infrastructure Management

Assist in the provisioning, configuration, and maintenance of AWS resources, including EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) instances, S3 buckets, RDS (Relational Database Service) databases, and VPCs (Virtual Private Clouds)
Monitor AWS infrastructure for performance, security, and cost optimization
Ensure high availability and disaster recovery for critical services
Security and Compliance

Implement and maintain security measures in accordance with AWS guidelines
Perform security audits, vulnerability assessments, and access controls
Assist in Toyota compliance efforts
Troubleshooting and Issue Resolution

Investigate and resolve AWS-related issues and incidents promptly
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and address performance bottlenecks or system outages
Automation and Scripting

Develop and maintain automation scripts using AWS CLI, Python, Terraform, or other relevant tools to streamline administrative tasks
Implement Infrastructure as Code (IaC) concepts using tools like AWS CloudFormation or Terraform
Documentation and Knowledge Sharing

Create and maintain clear and detailed documentation for AWS configurations, procedures, and practices and share knowledge with team members
What You’ll Bring:

Enrolled in a Bachelor's degree program in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Strong interest in cloud computing and AWS technologies
Initiative to learn and adapt to new technologies
Basic knowledge of cloud concepts, infrastructure, DevOps and CICD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery)
Experience with coding and/or scripting; Familiarity with Windows/Linux/Unix operating systems
Excellent critical thinking and attention to detail
Strong in communication and teamwork
About Us

Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) is the exclusive Canadian distributor of Toyota and Lexus and vehicles. Toyota Canada's head office is in Toronto, with regional offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Montreal and Halifax. Toyota parts and accessories are distributed through TCI's Parts Distribution Centres in Bowmanville and Vancouver. TCI supports over 287 Toyota and Lexus dealers in Canada with services that include training, sales, marketing, environmental and customer satisfaction initiatives.

What Sets Us Apart?

A focus on people, passion for Toyota, innovation and continuous improvement have made us an award-winning company, recognized worldwide for our technological leadership and superior standards of quality, community involvement and environmental responsibility.

What You Should Know:

Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, or any other characteristics protected by law. Please advise us at any point during the recruitment and selection process or your employment if you require accommodation.