Digital & Technology Summer Intern
Job ID 
271035
Posted 
01-May-2026
Service line 
Corporate Segment
Role type 
Full-time
Areas of Interest
Digital & Technology/Information Technology, Internship/Industry placement
Location(s)
Toronto - Ontario - Canada
About the Role: 

CBRE, the #1 commercial real estate firm in the world, is seeking current university students to join our company as Technology Interns for Summer 2026. Selected candidates will learn from and be mentored by top technology professionals, contribute to building technology solutions for our Fortune 100 clients and internal users, and enjoy a collaborative, engaging, and fun internship experience.
 

What You’ll Do: 
 
This program is comprised of 3 unique internship “tracks”, which selected interns will be assigned to. Please read each description carefully to decide which one is the best fit for you and your career interests. Candidates can only be considered for one track, so please select carefully. 

1.	AI/ML Engineering: Design, train, evaluate, and deploy machine learning and AI models in production environments; collaborate with product and engineering teams to integrate models into applications; optimize model performance, scalability, while adhering to responsible and ethical AI standards.

2.	Data Science and Engineering: Collaborate with stakeholders to collect, clean, and transform structured and unstructured data; design and maintain scalable data pipelines and analytics solutions; apply statistical methods, exploratory analysis, and feature engineering to generate insights and support data-driven decision-making.

3.	Software Engineering: Collaborate with engineering teams to design, develop, maintain, test, and improve internal and/or client software applications; Write well-designed, efficient, and maintainable code following coding standards.

What You’ll Need:  

•	Currently pursuing an undergraduate or graduate degree, with a technology focus, from an accredited university, graduating in December 2026 or May 2027.
•	Able and willing to report to our Toronto office in-person for the full duration of the 10-week program.
•	Proven passion for technology – including but not limited to the following key areas of focus: machine learning and artificial intelligence engineering, software engineering, data science and engineering.
•	Inquisitive mindset with ability to develop and demonstrate technical skills to perform required activities. 
•	Involvement in the community (such as volunteering) and/or prior experience, such as internships, tutoring or leadership preferred.
•	Organizational skills with ability to effectively communicate.

Why CBRE?

When you join CBRE, you become part of the global leader in commercial real estate services and investment that helps businesses and people thrive. We are dynamic problem solvers and forward-thinking professionals who create significant impact. Our collaborative culture is built on our shared values — respect, integrity, service and excellence — and we value the diverse perspectives, backgrounds and skillsets of our people. At CBRE, you have the opportunity to chart your own course and realize your potential. We welcome all applicants.
 
Applicant AI Use Disclosure

We value human interaction to understand each candidate's unique experience, skills, and aspirations. We do not use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to make hiring decisions, and we ask that candidates disclose any use of AI in the application and interview process.

Disclaimers

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in Canada without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future.
The posting is for an existing vacancy with the organization.

CBRE carefully considers multiple factors to determine compensation, including a candidate’s education, training, and experience. The salary range being offered for the D&T Summer Student Internship is between $15,000 and $20,000. The compensation that is provided to a successful candidate will depend on the candidate’s skills, qualifications, and experience. 