Long Term Placement:	No
Position Start Date:	05/01/2026
Position End Date:	08/31/2026
Term Posted:	2026 - Spring
Position Type:	4-month
Position Title:	Software Developer (Co-op)
Position Description:	
Join us as we change healthcare for the better.

OceanMD is the leading provider of EMR-integrated Patient Engagement and eReferral tools in Canada, playing a critical role in millions of patient visits and thousands of referrals every week. Our digital healthcare solutions empower patients and physicians to overcome the barriers preventing the timely delivery of healthcare services. By replacing paper forms with digital tools we give patients and providers secure ways to connect, share health information, and update patient records. Our tools:

Empower patients to share health information with their physician before, during, and after visits, helping to ensure health records are up to date and accurate while improving patient care.
Meet the growing demand for virtual care solutions via an online booking system and secure messaging that brings significant benefits to patients while improving clinic efficiency and reducing the need for unnecessary phone calls.
Improve access to care by replacing faxes, calculating wait times, and reducing the time to process and access specialist referrals.

Who we need
We're looking for a Software Developer Co-op to join our innovative, solution-oriented, dedicated team. You will play a critical role, taking our platform to the next level as you work on all aspects of the software and all phases of the SDLC. You will have the opportunity to work independently, moving ideas from concept to functional design to development, implementation, and deployment. In addition, you will gain exposure to our Agile practices and cloud-based software development operations as part of a small team working across the Ocean platform: web UI to server and database. What you do here will be limited only by your imagination and drive to make it a reality.

How you will make an impact

Build. You will build new features and functionality that delivers an innovative, scalable and reliable product solution that our team is proud to declare ownership of.
Be Agile. You will engage in agile software development while adhering to reasonably-paced project deadlines. We pride ourselves on setting reasonable expectations in order to prioritize both the quality of our product - and of your life.
Prioritize quality. As a member of the development team, you will participate in peer code reviews, and test automation, ensuring each release meets our high quality standards. You will propose optimizations for enhancing the reliability and speed of our platform.
What's in it for you
Impact and influence. You will play an essential role in bringing our mission to light. You want to make a difference in how Canadians experience the healthcare system and empower both patients and physicians with the technology they need to streamline access to information.

A place to grow your career and your skills. You will be part of a company that is at an exciting point, rapidly moving past the scale-up stage while retaining the best of our startup values: responsiveness, work-life balance, hands-on innovation opportunities, and excitement. We are looking for dedicated, honourable and fun individuals who want to commit to our work, take our offerings to the next level and the one beyond that, and help us grow as a company. We have a reputation for co-ops returning for multiple placements and many of our full-time developers started with us as co-ops.

Our culture, our team
We are incredibly passionate about our ability to make a difference in the healthcare system and the lives of Canadians through our technology. We also like to have fun and we work in an environment that is friendly, casual and supportive of one another. We firmly believe that we can do our best work with realistic deadlines and transparent communication about where we are and what's next for us as an organisation.

What past co-ops have said about working here
"My best work term experience by far."
"I learned more in the first two weeks than I learned on some entire work terms."

A note on values
We value ethical behaviour above all else. We care about each other and we respect each other as professionals and people. We treat our customers with respect and keep our word, even if it hurts. We own our mistakes. We strive for honesty and integrity every day in every situation. We look for people who share these values.

We strive to build a diverse team and encourage applications from traditionally underrepresented groups. If we can make this easier through accommodation in the recruitment process, please let us know.

Position Requirements:	
Who you are
You are passionate about technology with purpose and making an impact. You love working in a dynamic and collaborative environment. Whether you are used to the hustle of a startup or the processes of a bigger organisation, you come with a passion for solving complex problems with innovative technology and the drive to make an impact. You dive into your work, but also don't take yourself too seriously, making sure to take moments to have fun and enjoy what you're doing.

We believe in helping team members develop skills across all of the technologies we use rather than creating specialists. You will gain exposure to:

Web development (Vue.js and JavaScript/HTML)
Server development (Java/Spring/MongoDB/JEE)
Cloud SaaS operations (Linux/Tomcat/Apache Web)
Cryptography (AES and RSA)
Android tablet development (Java/Android SDK)
What you bring

The technical skills. You have existing web development skills that you are very proud of and a resourcefulness that leads you to build new skills to grow your expertise, including production cloud server operations. We're not picky about the specific technologies you've used; we're looking for someone with the mindset to solve the problems we come up against and introduce the best solutions for them.
The collaborative approach. You can build trusting relations and efficiently work across teams, both in-person and remote. You are quick to adapt when priorities shift and take feedback well. You are comfortable with ambiguity and are willing to figure things out when no clear, defined path or process is outlined.
The initiative. You are a critical thinker who can creatively solve problems, and you continuously pursue knowledge. You are inspired by a fast-paced environment and can rise to the challenge of competing priorities.
The flexibility. You are happy working from home, but are open to sometimes working on-site at our head office in Toronto as part of a flexible hybrid work model.