About the job
The Role

Our Data Science team analyzes data from all of our ecobee products and uncovers hidden meanings behind the various points of data.

We are looking for a Data Science Intern for the Summer 2026 term.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Participate in building complex and intelligent features in our ecosystem of smart home devices that combine a variety of sensors with machine intelligence to provide an omni-present assistant for a smart home.
Contribute to a small and growing team that makes big impact in the life of thousands of people and enables technologies that saves energy and the environment.
Play with the latest and greatest in big data tools and technologies

What You Bring To The Table

Maybe you're creating software or tools to simplify the lives of others? Or rather analyzing how they work and the meaning behind their data?

You are currently a full-time student in a technical or quantitative discipline - Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math etc.
Experience with programming languages Python, Java, C++
Experience using data and machine learning to solve real-world problems
Basic familiarity with SW Engineering best practices
Experience with data engineering tools like Dataflow/Spark is a plus
Just so you know: the hired candidate will be required to complete a background check.

Convinced you’ll be able to make an impact? We’d love to hear from you.

What can you expect as an ecobee student?

The chance to meet and work with co-ops across all teams at ecobee
The opportunity to work in a fresh, dynamic, and ever-growing industry that is the SmartHome and IoT space
The visibility into a company that has an interesting mix of hardware and software consumer-facing businesses
The ability to make an environmental impact, both in your day job and outside the 9-5 with programs like ecobee acts!
Opportunities to learn and grow with our in-house learning enablement team, #ThinkLab
Small collaborative teams where you can impact both product and culture
Bi-monthly all company town halls
Monthly Lightning Talks, and the opportunity participate in them
The target pay range for this position is $29-$40 CAD per hour.