	
Join us as a Software Developer on our TSB OTEL Solution Integration Platform Engineering team in Ottawa to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact.



What you'll achieve
Dell's Telecom Systems Business Unit (TSB) creates products and solutions catering to the worldwide telecommunications market, which is exploding with new and exciting opportunities offered by new developments such as 5G, Internet of Things, and open radio access networks (ORANs). The market consists of communication service providers, managed service providers, hosting companies, content delivery network companies, cloud service providers, and consumer/enterprise web-technology providers.

Together, we have a strong track record of creating unique value for Dell Technologies, with a robust and positive impact on its bottom line. The engineering team works closely with key communication service providers (CSP) worldwide, which, taken together, represent about 70% of the market. Collaboratively, we create production-worthy offerings that are unique, cutting-edge, and shape this emerging market. With each success we achieve, we push the envelope more for our customers and then rinse and repeat!

Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact.

Position Requirements:	
You will:

Contribute frameworks using both proprietary and open-source software; design & implement new features and solutions

Work with extended teams i.e. project management, partners, services to drive integration and adoption of Dell products within our partner ecosystems to create better application integration

Contribute our Solution Integration Platform to support testing of product features and accurately reflect customer deployment profiles required to bring telecom products to the market

Take the first step towards your dream career
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here's what we are looking for with this role:


Essential Requirements
Python skills
DevOps
Technical knowledge of: Databases (MySQL, NoSQL, Cassandra, Mongo, ELK); RESTful interfaces.
Pursuing bachelor's degree with a graduation date of December 2026 or May 2027
Desirable Requirements

Agile software development lifecycle
Virtualization and containerization platforms (e.g., OpenStack, Docker) and container orchestration tools (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka)
Compensation

Dell is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The hourly rate for this role is $20.00/hr-$30.60/hr.