Our student and new graduate programs offer a chance to explore Sun Life from the inside. You’ll make a difference in the lives of our customers and communities, while building the skills and experience that allow you to grow in a meaningful and rewarding way.

Job Description:

The Individual team in Application Operations Support (AOS) is dedicated to providing operations and support services to ensure reliability of IT applications. Through innovation, continuous improvement, and collaboration, we strive to find new and better ways to bring value to Sun Life. 

We are looking for a highly motivated Associate Software Engineer with some training in Java application development.  The successful candidate will have strong technical and problem-solving skills and the ability to collaborate with team members.  

This unique opportunity offers a chance to work with modern technologies in a highly rewarding environment.

What you will do:

Provide ongoing support of Java based applications in Production and test environments 

Interface with other Software Engineers and other stakeholders to deliver high quality solutions and maintain a stable, high performing application environment

Design, develop, test and debug programs for small projects and bug fixes 

Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities to eliminate waste and add efficiencies   

Ensure strict compliance of security and change management directives 

Enable stability through troubleshooting issues and conducting root-cause analysis

What do you need to succeed? 

Training in Java application development

Ability to learn or deepen knowledge through on-the-job training in: 

Java, JavaScript & web development languages like HTML, XML, CSS

Web services like SOAP, JSON & REST API 

Java EE technologies such as Servlet, JDBC and JSP

Spring framework and use of a load balancer

Database technologies like SQL, Oracle, POSTGRES

DevOps tools (Maven, Gradle, Git / Bitbucket, CDD, Ansible, Jenkins)

Understanding of enterprise methodologies, such as ITIL, CMMI, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)

Ability to work in a dynamic environment with changing priorities 

Solid written and verbal communication skills 

Working towards a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent discipline with a graduation date of August 2026 or later

Notes/Unique requirements:  

As a condition of the role, the successful candidate must obtain a Government of Canada Reliability Status security clearance through Sun Life in advance of the start date

What’s in it for you? 

At Sun Life, you will be joining a purpose driven organization focused on helping Canadian’s achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. 

As a student, you’ll make a real impact by contributing to meaningful work, gaining valuable experience and actively working towards your team’s goals.

You’ll join our unique student culture, designed to help you grow both personally and professionally beyond your role. We offer professional development workshops, student awards, socials and many more exciting opportunities. 

We are honored to be recognized as Canada’s Best Employers for Recent Graduates and Canada's Best Workplaces by Great Place to Work in 2025.

Your student journey is just the beginning and we're proud to help many who choose Sun Life to transition into permanent roles after graduation.

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted for. The Base Pay which you will be considered for will vary depending on the Campus program you are selected for.

Eligible Sun Life employees for various Campus Graduate programs will also participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our Clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process, or those needing job postings in an alternative format, may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

We are proud to be a hybrid organization that offers our employees the choice and flexibility to work from both the office and virtually based on the needs of the business, our Clients and you! Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We may use artificial intelligence to support candidate sourcing, screening, interview scheduling.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.