
Long Term Placement:	No
Position Start Date:	05/01/2026
Position End Date:	08/31/2026
Term Posted:	2026 - Spring
Position Type:	4-month
Position Title:	Software Developer - AI/ML (64)
Position Description:	
Do you love technology and want to be part of the next transportation revolution? Ford is looking for people like you to join the In-Vehicle Infotainment (IVI) team as a software development co-op where we are working hard to bring next generation human-machine interfaces to inspirational vehicles like the all electric Mustang Mach-E, to delight, entertain, and enable our customers. This position is with the IVI AI/ML team, where you will be part of a small group of developers working on features and technology enablers for our next generation products.



Location: Waterloo, Onsite

Work Term Length: 4 months



Responsibilities

As a AI/ML development co-op you will be assigned product development tasks that match your skills and experience, where you will see features work through the entire software development lifecycle from concept, through design and implementation, to testing and deployment. This is a unique opportunity to gain valuable real-world experience and put your education and career experience on the fast track.



Position Requirements:	
Skills & Qualifications

Must be enrolled in a full-time undergraduate or graduate program in computer science, electrical engineering, or close equivalent.
Must have excellent teamwork, collaboration and communication skills.
Must be experienced with working in a Linux development environment.
Experience with development and debugging of Android applications is highly desirable.
Experience with LLM and AI/ML related tools such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, GCP, TFLite is highly desirable.
Experience with Git and GitHub is highly desirable.
Automotive development experience is desirable but not required.
Ford of Canada is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Accommodations for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment, selection and / or assessment processes, where needed, are available upon request. Please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require

For Undergraduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $28.39 - $35.92. Rates are based on the number of completed work terms to a maximum of 6 terms.

For Graduate students, the expected hourly pay range for this position is $35.92 - $39.51. Rates are based on the number of completed school terms to a maximum of 3 terms.

This posting is for an existing vacancy within our team.



Position Location:	In-person
Work Location - Street Address:	176 Columbia St W
Work Location - City, Prov/State:	Waterloo, ON
Salary:	$26.00 - $29.99/hr
Hours Per Week:	40
Number of Positions:	1