Definity is the parent company to some of Canada’s most long-standing and innovative insurance brands, including Economical Insurance, Sonnet Insurance, Family Insurance Solutions, and Petline Insurance. Our ambition is to be one of Canada’s leading and most innovative property and casualty insurers. We can’t do that without our people, so we embrace and encourage a culture that’s collaborative, ambitious, rewarding, and empowering. 

We offer a flexible, hybrid work experience where employees work from the office and virtually depending on the type of work they are doing and who they are working with. Bring your true self and be a part of our journey. It’s better here. 
YOUR NEXT CO-OP PLACEMENT

Work term: Summer 2026

Work term length: 4-month

From classroom to co-op to career, every step of your journey has an impact on your future. That’s why it makes sense to choose a co-op placement with a company that offers truly rewarding work and real-life experience. At Definity®, your contributions, creativity, and energy will be put to good use, and you’ll get to be involved with initiatives that support our strategic goals and use your skills in a supportive team environment.

If you’re looking for a company that takes care of its people — full time, part time, and co-ops alike — and has a track record of doing big things, get ready to love it here.

What can you expect in this role?

Quality Assurance is a highly strategic and challenging area of our IT business that deals with the validation and verification of software systems and data.  Economical Insurance is seeking a technical Student in Quality Assurance to join us in this important area.

You are a student of a Computer Science or related program.  You want to work in an Agile team in a professional environment and expand your skills on a project that matters.  You are willing to get your hands dirty both testing and/or coding.  Your programming skills and expertise in software are impeccable.

This is a technical role, spans multiple technology spaces, and offers a good opportunity to gain and apply experience in a range of systems supporting multiple projects and infrastructures.  The successful candidate will be involved with identifying test scenarios, creating and executing test cases and potentially writing automated test scripts.

You'll be working closely with the Quality Engineering team that operates in an Agile environment, working on initiatives that span the business to implement common QA, DevOps, and Development goals.

What you’ll be doing

Leveraging AI in all phases of SDLC 
Designing and scripting automated tests on Web Apps and Mobile Apps 
POC on latest technologies 
Software Testing tool development and evaluation
Problem solving
 
What you bring

Proficiency in at least one programming language such as Java, Javascript or Python 
Experience in Large Language Model (LLM), Machine Learning (ML), Generative AI (GenAI) 
Experience in mobile browser and mobile app (Android, IOS) testing and testing automation an asset 
Hands on exposure to Test Automation Frameworks / Test Harness an asset 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
What can Definity offer you?

Meaningful work forwarding our purpose of building a better world by helping our clients and communities adapt and thrive in their hardest times of need.
Culture of accountability, empowerment, and collaboration.
Opportunities to support personal and professional growth through real-life experience and unique learning opportunities. 
Opportunity to join our employee groups - focused on women's empowerment, LGBTQ+, anti-racism and cultural equity, and environmental activism 
Determined to create positive change for our environment, our people, and our communities, now and in the future. Check our ESG work!
This position is being posted to fill an existing vacancy.

The hourly compensation for the role starts at $22.50 per hour and will increase based on factors including but not limited to, skills, education, experience, and the recommended rates as set by the respective educational institution.

We also take potential into consideration. If you don’t have this exact experience, but you know you have what it takes, be sure to give us more insight through your application and cover letter. 

Our inclusive work environment welcomes diversity and supports accessibility. If you require accommodation at any time during the recruitment process, please let us know by contacting accessibility@economical.com.

Background checks

This role requires successful clearance of a background check (including criminal checks and leadership references). 