JOB POSTING INFORMATION
Long Term Placement:	No
Position Start Date:	05/01/2026
Position End Date:	08/31/2026
Term Posted:	2026 - Spring
Position Type:	4-month
Position Title:	Developer Co-Op
Position Description:	
Program: GovTechOn Co-op Program

Ministry: Ministry of Public and Business Service Delivery and Procurement

Division: Children, Youth & Social Services I+IT Cluster

Branch: Social Assistance I+IT Solutions Branch

Position Title: Developer Coop

Location: 5700 Yonge St, Toronto, Ontario*Work 5xdays a week onsite

Number of Position(s): 2

Compensation Group: Ontario Public Service Employees Union

Salary: * $757.86 - $1,010.46 per week

Job Code: 17152 - Systems Officer 2

Hours per work: 36.25

# of Work Terms Hiring For: 1 term or 4 months WITH extension up to 8 months

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:

Effective January 1, 2026, students are required to work onsite at our offices 5x a week.
Student who can accept consecutive multiple work terms should apply.
International students MUST already have valid SIN + valid work permit for the duration of the co-op work term.
Are you a tech-savvy student that thrives in the technical and analytical aspects of server operating systems and configurations? If your answer is yes, apply to the GovTechOn Co-op Program today and allow us to be a part of your first step towards your prospective career path.


GovTechOn is home to professionals who work in partnership with ministries across the Government of Ontario to develop, deploy and maintain technology to deliver enhanced services and business outcomes for Ontarians.


In this role you will:


Collaborate and provide developer assistance.
Organize and test software applications.
Perform root cause analysis, troubleshoot issues, log defects.
Provide software updates.
Position Requirements:	
Skills required for this role:


Analytical: ability to identify & synthesize information.
Communication: convey information/updates in a clear & concise manner both orally & in written format.
Problem-Solving: ability to develop options for resolution / risk mitigation.
Knowledge of Java, Jira, SQL
Knowledge of OOD Data Structures & Algorithms
Knowledge of system development life cycle (SDLC), including planning, requirements, analysis, design, build, testing, implementation and post implementation activities.

?

Notes:

We invite all interested individuals to apply and encourage applications from people with disabilities, Indigenous, Black and racialized individuals as well as people form a diversity of ethic and culture origins sexual orientation gender identifies and expressions.


In accordance with the Ontario Public Service Employment Screening Checks Policy, the top candidate(s) may be required to undergo a security screening check.


We thank you for your interest, however, we will contact you only if we choose you for further screening and/or an interview.



The Ontario Public Service is an equal opportunity employer.


We will accommodate your needs under the Ontario Human Rights Code.