Quality Engineer Intern/Co-op
Apply
remote type
Hybrid
locations
Toronto, Ontario
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 2 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: February 5, 2026 (3 hours left to apply)
job requisition id
R_1470730
Role Type:

Internship/Co-op
Work Term:

Summer/Term 3
Work Location:

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Hours:

37.5
Pay Details:

$45, 700 - $74, 400 CAD
TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs. 

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW


Co-op and Internship opportunities allow you to gain valuable work experience across a number of the businesses at TD.  You will work with experienced colleagues, receive world class training, and be part of a community of students across TD, where you will have an impact, grow as individual and experience our culture of care.

Our Co-op/Intern Programming is offered with select Co-op and Internship roles, and is designed to help you better understand the TD business, build on critical career capabilities, and broaden your professional network. This program is designed to complement your on-the job experience and features:

Leadership talks with key Leaders from across the organization
Lunch and Learns on topics such as Innovation
Diversity and Inclusion and Personal Branding and so much more
JOB DESCRIPTION

Are you someone that enjoys breaking things?

Are you someone that cares about the end-user experience?

Do you get frustrated when things don’t work or takes too long?

Do you love coding in Java, SQL, and Python?

Do you have an interest in technology and love problem solving?

Then you should join our Quality Engineering Team!
 

TD Quality Engineering (QE) Practice a specialized area dedicated to high-quality application and solution delivery. Similar to industry trends, TD's definition of this area of discipline (as well as skill and knowledge requirements) has changed over time. One thing hasn't changed – experts in this area remain highly-marketable across businesses.
 

Some of our QE activities may focuses on test automation, behavior driven development (BDD), continuous integration/ continuous testing, End-to-End testing, environment resiliency, Data/ETL testing on platforms such as Hadoop and Azure Cloud. Quality Engineering activities, in contrast, give stakeholders information about product or service quality while allowing the business to appreciate and understand any implementation risks. Many Testing & QE Experts could be involved in end-to-end delivery of testing, or more focused on a specific discipline.
 

As a QE tester you would write test automations to break things on purpose, so the customer doesn’t break them by accident. Test Quality Engineering is a methodical process that requires planning, careful execution, and documentation.  QE testers play an important part in a product’s development. They ensure the final product meets the requirements set out by the client and reduce the number of errors in software. We are looking for bright individuals with a curious mind to work with one of our various quality engineering teams within the Technology group.

Quality Engineer Intern/Co-op will be trained and have opportunities to contribute to below responsibilities which may vary by area. This may include, but is not limited to the following:

Build an overall understanding by reviewing system requirements and design documents
Create, execute and document detailed, accurate test cases using Test Management tools – JIRA/JTMF
Define test data and environment requirements
Automate test cases using available automation frameworks such as Selenium, Appium, and Rest assured
Test TD mobile and web applications (responsive web) on variety of browsers and Android & iOS mobile devices
Execute automated test cases using continuous integration tools such as Jenkins, Bitbucket, and git
Detect Accessibility violations via variety of accessibility testing methods/tools
Exposure to Data as a Service (DaaS) solutions and processes
Attend Agile ceremonies including daily stand ups, refinement, planning, and retrospective sessions
Have an exploratory mind set while testing applications, log defects and work with DEV teams to resolve them
Provide support to technology peers and business that results in identifying solutions effectively
Play an active role in developing test plans, traceability matrices and test closure reports, for small to moderately complex projects
Promptly identify and raise awareness of issues
Find ways to improve processes and delivery outcomes
May support and maintain virtualized services, components, and environments by using Service Virtualization tools to enable functional and non-functional testing
Deliver on TD's technology delivery practices, standards, and project management disciplines
Continuously enhance knowledge and expertise, keep current
Quality engineers may support our Data platforms, Mobile & Web applications, or Performance engineering.
 
JOB REQUIREMENTS

Currently enrolled in a relevant technology programs, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology Management, Financial Analysis and Risk Management, Computing, etc.
Interest in testing and ability to conduct basic testing activities for QE-related projects
Strong knowledge in programming languages such as Java/C/C++/Python, database query languages, extensible markup languages (XML), API methods, and experience with Microsoft Office
Enthusiast in learning and applying the latest technologies in Azure Cloud, DevOps and CI/CD 
Readiness to participate in testing processes and methodology
Strong communication, verbal, and written skills
Detail-oriented, strong analytical skills
Self-motivated, independent, and proactive
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Please note that this is a general posting. If you are selected for an interview, more information regarding which business group and the specific job duties will be provided. Additionally, we are open to all years of study but primarily target 3rd & 4th year students.

Early Talent Requirements 

This position is a 4-month work term and will commence May 4th – August 21st, 2026.
Applications must include a resume (maximum of 2 pages). 
We welcome all applications; however, we will only contact qualified candidates chosen for an interview.  Thank you for your interest.
TD requires employees to reside in Canada where the role is located. Successful candidates are expected to arrange relocation to one of our Toronto offices in a hybrid model (4 days per week in office).
Assigned Line of Business Requirements

Please note that the line of business that you are assigned to may require specific skills not mentioned in this posting

HOURS

Monday-Friday, standard business hours

INCLUSIVENESS

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.