Digital Security Group Security Analyst - 3 month internship
31055
Information Technology
Vaughan, Canada
Intern/Co-op
This posting is for an existing vacancy
Overview

At KPMG, you’ll join a team of diverse and dedicated problem solvers, connected by a common cause: turning insight into opportunity for clients and communities around the world.

 

The Security Analyst Intern is primarily responsible for routine security operational activities such as ticket handling, compliance dashboard remediation, security assessments and research. The Analyst may be required to perform other Information Security related tasks as well.

 

The role requires an understanding of Information Security practices as well as an understanding of Microsoft products (such as Windows, Outlook/Exchange/O365), web browsers, common system applications, vulnerability management process, security risk identification and mitigation. The incumbent will execute, track and report remediation progress. They will also assist in operational tickets such as exemption requests, review software for security risks, respond to general inquiries, reporting (such as asset discovery, audit of security application usage, compliance metrics & KPI’s.). The incumbent will also assist the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) Office in developing, executing, and continuously improving the enterprise-wide cybersecurity awareness program.

 

The Analyst will be a member of the Information Security team at KPMG and work under the supervision of the Associate Director (and/or their delegate) of Information Security.


What you will do

Identify, track, and remediate findings as part of the Global Compliance Dashboards
Utilize tools such as Qualys & Nessus to scan for vulnerabilities
Prioritize and report on remediation status to management and leadership
Report on metrics and KPI’s
Follow-up and resolve incident tickets (software requests, exceptions, general inquiries, privilege access requests, etc.)
Consult, advise, and collaborate with department staff and personnel within ITS to coordinate data security related activities
Review and assess software for security and licensing risks
Perform monitoring and analysis vulnerability threats
Assist/create documentation, templates and processes
Assist other Senior IT Security analysts as required
Assist with the creation of cyber awareness education materials
Performs other security duties, when required

What you bring to the role

Actively enrolled in a Cyber Security related program
Has an IT background or knowledge
Some experience in Windows, Linux, CISCO routers and switches
Ability to analyze and understand technical information
Be proactive and have a critical thinking mindset
Resourceful and self-motivated
KPMG Ontario Region Pay Range Information

The expected base salary range for this position is $43,500 to $60,000 and may be eligible for bonus awards. The determination of an applicant’s base salary within this range is based on the individual’s location, skills & competencies, and unique qualifications. In addition, KPMG offers a comprehensive and competitive Total Rewards program.

 

Providing you with the support you need to be at your best

 

Benefits Infographic English 


Our Values, The KPMG Way

Integrity, we do what is right | Excellence, we never stop learning and improving | Courage, we think and act boldly | Together, we respect each other and draw strength from our differences | For Better, we do what matters

 

KPMG in Canada is a proud equal opportunities employer and we are committed to creating a respectful, inclusive and barrier-free workplace that allows all of our people to reach their full potential. A diverse workforce is key to our success and we believe in bringing your whole self to work. We welcome all qualified candidates to apply and hope you will choose KPMG in Canada as your employer of choice.

 

Adjustments and accommodations throughout the recruitment process

 

At KPMG, we are committed to fostering an inclusive recruitment process where all candidates can be themselves and excel. We aim to provide a positive experience and are prepared to offer adjustments or accommodations to help you perform at your best. Adjustments (informal requests), such as extra preparation time or the option for micro breaks during interviews, and accommodations (formal requests), such as accessible communication supports or technology aids, are tailored to individual needs and role requirements. You will have an opportunity to request an adjustment or accommodation at any point throughout the recruitment process. If you require support, please contact KPMG’s Employee Relations Service team by calling 1-888-466-4778.