Data Intern - Enterprise Analytics - Summer 2026
Location
Remote Canada

Employment Type
Intern

Department
Internships

Overview
Application
1Password is growing faster than ever. We’ve surpassed $400M in ARR and we’re continuing to accelerate, earning a spot on the Forbes Cloud 100 for four years in a row and teaming up with iconic partners like Oracle Red Bull Racing and the Utah Mammoth.

About 1Password

At 1Password, we’re building the foundation for a safe, productive digital future. Our mission is to unleash employee productivity without compromising security by ensuring every identity is authentic, every application sign-in is secure, and every device is trusted. We innovated the market-leading enterprise password manager and pioneered Extended Access Management, a new cybersecurity category built for the way people and AI agents work today. As one of the most loved brands in cybersecurity, we take a human-centric approach in everything from product strategy to user experience. Over 180,000 businesses, from Fortune 100 leaders to the world’s most innovative AI companies, trust 1Password to help their teams securely adopt the SaaS and AI tools they need to do their best work.

If you're excited about the opportunity to contribute to the digital safety of millions, to work alongside a team of curious, driven individuals, and to solve hard problems in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, then we want to hear from you. Come join us and help shape a safer, simpler digital future.

The Analytics team at 1Password partners with GTM leaders, including Sales, Revenue Operations, and Customer Success, to provide clear, actionable insights that improve commercial execution. We focus on performance measurement, pipeline and funnel analysis, experimentation, and reporting that help teams understand outcomes, identify friction, and evaluate what’s working. Through dashboards and deep-dive analyses, the team enables data informed decisions across the customer lifecycle.

This is a remote opportunity within Canada. This position will be for 4 months - May to August 2026.

What you can expect:

Analyze Sales, Revenue Operations, and Customer Success data to identify trends, performance gaps, and opportunities

Build and maintain dashboards and recurring reports used by GTM stakeholders

Support ad-hoc analyses to answer business questions and evaluate initiatives or experiments

Partner with analytics teammates to define metrics and ensure consistent, reliable reporting

Clearly document and communicate insights to technical and non-technical audiences

What we're looking for:

Confidence: A willingness to take on new challenges, and see them through to completion.

Humility: You're not afraid to ask "stupid" questions and make mistakes (as long as you learn from them).

Curiosity: You look for better ways of doing things, even if everyone seems happy with how they are.

Teamwork: We work together, and succeed as a team!

Bonus points for:

Experience working with messy or real world datasets

Familiarity with data visualization or BI tools (e.g., Looker, Tableau, Power BI, etc.)

Some exposure to SQL, Python, R, or another programming language for analysis

Interest in GTM, Sales, or Customer Success metrics and processes

Strong attention to detail and a habit of double checking your work

Our culture 
At 1Password, we prioritize collaboration, clear and transparent communication, receptiveness to feedback, and alignment with our core values: keep it simple, lead with honesty, and put people first. 

You’ll be part of a team that challenges the status quo, and is excited to experiment and iterate in search of the best solution. That said, 1Password is not for everyone. Our work is demanding, we strive for excellence, and the pace is fast. We need people who are keen to take on challenging problems, who seek feedback to grow, and who are driven to make an impact. If you're looking for a place where you can settle into a comfortable routine, this might not be the right fit for you. We’re looking for individuals who are proven experts in their fields, as well as those who are highly adaptable, can thrive in ambiguity and through change, are curious, and above all deliver results. 

We are committed to leveraging cutting-edge technology—including AI—to achieve our mission. We also understand that thinking critically about AI in its current forms will help us create better solutions for our customers and ourselves with its future forms, which will help us continue to close the gap between security and privacy and achieve our mission. We want team members at all levels to take the approach of actively learning AI best practices, identifying opportunities to apply AI in meaningful ways, and driving innovative solutions in their daily work. Embracing the future of AI isn't just encouraged at 1Password—it's an essential part of how we will be successful at 1Password.

Our approach to remote work 
We believe in the power of remote work, but recognize that in-person connection is important to help us achieve our mission. While we are a remote-first company, travel for in-person engagement is a part of most roles. Frequency will depend on role and responsibilities, and may include, but is not limited to: annual department-wide offsites, team meetings, and customer/industry events. 

What we offer
We believe in working hard, and rewarding that hard work through our benefits. While not an exhaustive list, here is a glance at what we currently offer: 

🏝 Generous PTO policy - 2.08 days per month (1.5 work weeks per 4 month term)
💖 Company-wide wellness days (1 per quarter) 
🌎 Employee-led inclusion and belonging programs and ERGs
🏠 Remote-first environment
🏆 Peer-to-peer recognition through Bonusly
💡 1Password University access and learning sessions
🥳 Monthly internship events and socials

1Password is part of  Team True North , a comprehensive group of Canadian tech firms with performance and growth rates that match the top 1% of companies worldwide – companies with the highest probability of reaching $1 billion in annual revenue. We believe in tech for good, and establishing Canada as a preferred destination for growing careers wherever we can!

