Position Overview 

Autodesk is looking for a talented and motivated Data Developer to join our Analytics team to develop robust and scalable data pipelines using and improving existing platforms.  The successful candidate will drive performance enhancements, build pipelines, and collaborate with other Data Engineering teams across Autodesk. You will work with cutting edge technologies in big data space. 

 

Responsibilities 

Develop, automate, migrate and support robust and reliable data pipelines  

Work with the team to make the Data Platform an efficient, robust and scalable platform 

Gather customer requirements, sequence work and document technical solutions 

Interface with data developers, data scientists, product managers and internal stakeholders 

Contribute to a team culture that values quality, robustness, and scalability while fostering initiatives and innovation​ 

 

Requirements 

Hands-on software development experience in Python 

Familiar with cloud-native applications 

Customer-facing and service-oriented person 

Understanding DevOps best practices, architectures, and methods 

Familiar with scalable data pipelines and ETL processes for data ingestion, transformation, and integration

Familiar with Relational and NoSQL databases such as MySQL and DynamoDB

Contribute to data documentation, lineage tracking, and workflow orchestration

Ability to work with cross-functional teams (analytics, product, ML engineering) in a remote environment to deliver data for dashboards and models

 

Minimum Qualification 

Must be at least 18 and enrolled in college or non-traditional education, such as coding boot camps or industry-related vocational classes and returning to school or program following the completion of this internship

A mix of previous internships, school projects, volunteering, and leadership experience are also important

Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, Information Systems, or a related field

Solid understanding of SQL and relational database concepts

Familiarity with data pipeline concepts and ETL/ELT workflows

Basic knowledge of cloud data platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) and distributed data processing frameworks (e.g., Spark, Hadoop) is a plus

Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work with large datasets

Eagerness to learn new technologies and collaborate in a fast-paced environment

Learn More

About Autodesk

Welcome to Autodesk! Amazing things are created every day with our software – from the greenest buildings and cleanest cars to the smartest factories and biggest hit movies. We help innovators turn their ideas into reality, transforming not only how things are made, but what can be made.

We take great pride in our culture here at Autodesk – it’s at the core of everything we do. Our culture guides the way we work and treat each other, informs how we connect with customers and partners, and defines how we show up in the world.

When you’re an Autodesker, you can do meaningful work that helps build a better world designed and made for all. Ready to shape the world and your future? Join us!