Data Science Intern (Summer 2026) 
Toronto, ON · 6 hours ago · Over 100 applicants
Promoted by hirer · Company review time is typically 1 week


On-site

Internship

Easy Apply

Save
Save Data Science Intern (Summer 2026)  at Guardian Capital Group
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Retry Premium for CA$0


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out
People you can reach out to
Ontario Teachers'​ Pension Plan logo
Ontario Teachers'​ Pension Plan logo
Company alumni from Ontario Teachers'​ Pension Plan and others in your network

Show all
Meet the hiring team
Ashley Sambrook, CHRL
Ashley Sambrook, CHRL  
 3rd
HR Manager | Recruiting Top Talent @ Guardian Capital | Passionate About Volunteerism
Job poster

Message
About the job
JOB STATEMENT:

Guardian Capital Group Limited (Guardian) is a global investment management company servicing institutional, retail and private clients through its subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2025, Guardian had C$166.6 billion of total client assets while managing a proprietary investment portfolio with a fair market value of C$1.3 billion. Founded in 1962, Guardian’s reputation for steady growth, long-term relationships and its core values of authenticity, integrity, stability and trustworthiness have been key to its success over six decades. Its Common and Class A shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange as GCG and GCG.A, respectively. To learn more about Guardian, visit www.guardiancapital.com.


Our asset management division, Guardian Capital LP, is the manager and portfolio manager of the Guardian Capital Funds and Guardian Capital ETFs, with capabilities that span a range of asset classes, geographic regions and specialty mandates. Guardian Capital LP manages portfolios for institutional clients such as defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, insurance companies, foundations, endowments and investment funds.


The primary responsibility of the Data Science Intern is to leverage knowledge in machine learning techniques and AI tools to assist in the development of the company's proprietary R&D infrastructure and risk analytics for fixed income investment.


Working closely with the Fixed Income Team in an exciting live market environment, the candidate will work alongside our Senior Analysts and Portfolio Managers to develop models and tools to augment existing investment risk analytics and improve the systematic processes for fixed income asset allocation and security selection.


ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Quantitative Research (approx. 2/3 of work hours):

Working on projects that enhance the automation of investment management processes and optimization of portfolio construction and security selection
Participating in quantitative research assignments including collecting, cleaning and transforming data, building and testing machine learning models, etc.


Credit and ESG related analysis (approx. 1/3 of work hours)

Updating proprietary ESG scoring models and reports, assisting in analyzing corporate bond issuers from an ESG perspective


QUALIFICATIONS:

Currently enrolled in quantitative undergraduate or graduate degree program (e.g. math, statistics, data science, engineering or finance program) with the expectation of graduating in winter 2026 or spring/summer 2027
Have a strong understanding of software development and an interest in finance and investment analysis
Strong coding skills and experience in Python, SQL and prompt engineering
Knowledge and project experience in Machine Learning/Deep Learning/NLP/LLM preferred
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to explain complex issues
Professional work ethic, ability to manage tasks and maintain confidentiality
Ability to work independently as well as within a team environment


COMPENSATION:

Hourly rate of $25-$30/hour, based on experience