Enterprise Digital & AI Enablement Co-op, Summer 2026
Apply
locations
Toronto, ON
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
time left to apply
End Date: February 2, 2026 (5 days left to apply)
job requisition id
2602151
We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.

At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.

To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com

What you’ll be doing 

CIBC’s Enterprise Digital & AI Enablement team is hiring for the Summer 2026 co-op term! Multiple positions available. Join our Enterprise Digital & AI Enablement team as a co-op and have a real impact in making our clients’ ambitions a reality. At Enterprise Digital & AI Enablement, we're building the bank of the future. You’ll support key strategic programs that enhance our employee and client experiences, optimize current processes, help identify innovative ways to push a digital-first culture across the bank and implement proposed changes that positively impact the enterprise. 

The roles will require collaboration with your business / technology partners, stakeholders and peers, as well as a design thinking mindset to push for a digital-first culture. You’ll assist in defining digital priorities, developing strategies, and supporting the creation of roadmaps that position the bank for future success keeping the clients at the center of focus as well considering external factors that will influence our digital future including Artificial Intelligence (AI).  

At CIBC we enable the work environment most optimal for you to thrive in your role. You’ll have the flexibility to manage your work activities within a hybrid work arrangement where you’ll spend 1-2 days per week on-site, while other days will be remote. 

Important information 

We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills tests (such as simulation, coding, French proficiency, MS Office). Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us. 
You must be currently enrolled in post-secondary education and returning to full-time studies to be eligible. However, you do not need to be in a registered Co-Op program to be considered for a role. 
Recruitment timeline: Applications review – January/ February; Interviews – February / March; Offers - March 
Please include your resume (no more than 2 pages), a cover letter (no more than 1 page), and your most recent unofficial transcript with your application. These should all be uploaded into the Resume section of the application as one pdf document  
This is a 4-month co-op opportunity. 
How you’ll succeed 

Drive Digital Transformation: Support the assessment of market trends and emerging digital opportunities to continuously improve CIBC’s digital experiences. 
Deliver Impactful Solution with speed: You make sure we’re delivering on time, within scope and budget, and are future-proofed. You'll manage multiple priorities and iterate effectively to adapt to new challenges. 
Planning and coordination: Interact with team members and stakeholders to encourage engagement and connection. You prioritize effectively and manage multiple tasks concurrently with strong organizational skills.  
Collaboration & deep-dive: Deep-dive into channel strategies that drive a digital-first culture, efficiency, adoption, and usage of digital channels to support meeting stakeholder needs. Effectively consult and collaborate with key partners and stakeholders across CIBC to develop unified digital banking platforms and capabilities. 
Creative Problem-Solving: Leverage creativity, design thinking and strategic thinking to develop innovative solutions that tackle complex challenges, fostering a culture of innovation across the organization. 
Who you are  

You can demonstrate a focus on digital, innovation, client and employee experience, and accountability to self-drive to meet objectives. 
You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. 
You’re a strategic thinker. You’re passionate about innovation, and you understand how to align business strategy with digital transformation. You excel at balancing long-term vision with practical execution. 
You’re driven by collective success. You establish productive relationships with departments and partners across the organization and externally. 
You are a problem solver. You enjoy solving complex problems by working with diverse teams, and you can effectively communicate and align stakeholders toward a shared vision. 
You're tech savvy & curious. You embrace emerging technologies and continuously seek innovative ways to improve processes and experiences, keeping user needs at the forefront. 
Values matter to you. You bring your authentic self to work and embody our values of trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
What CIBC Offers

At CIBC, your goals are a priority. We start with your strengths and ambitions as an employee and strive to create opportunities to tap into your potential.

We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive compensation, a banking benefit*, wellbeing support and additional offers such as employee and family assistance programs and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program.

Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients.

*Subject to program terms and conditions

What you need to know

CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com

CIBC is committed to clarity in our hiring process. All roles posted are opportunities we’re actively recruiting for, unless stated otherwise.

You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit

We may ask you to complete an attribute-based assessment and other skills test (such as simulation, coding, French proficiency). 

We use artificial intelligence tools during the recruitment process. Our goal for the application process is to get to know more about you, all that you have to offer, and give you the opportunity to learn more about us. 

Expected End Date

2026-08-21
Job Location

Toronto-81 Bay, 16th Floor
Employment Type

Temporary (Fixed Term)
Weekly Hours

37.5
Skills

Collaboration, Innovation, Prioritization