Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 4 Days Ago
job requisition id
R26_00023
Job Description:

Digital Analyst Co-op Student


Locations Available: Toronto, Sault St. Marie

Duration: Summer (May 2026 to Aug 2026)

Type: Student Full Time

Range: $18.50 - $28.50

GAME ON – OLG needs you

We’ve said GAME ON, and we mean it – OLG is rapidly transforming its organization to better serve Ontarians by delivering great gaming experiences through our digital, retail lottery, and land-based gaming channels. Over the course of fiscal 2022-23, OLG delivered a record $2.5 billion in net profit to the Province of Ontario. OLG is now expanding our horizons even further, with a new strategic direction, to become a world class gaming entertainment leader with a globally admired digital platform.

POSITION SUMMARY:

We are ready to take this game to the next level and need a passionate Digital Analytics Co-op Student to assist the Digital Analytics team within the Enterprise Analytics department at OLG. As part of a collaborative and high-performing team, you’ll help turn digital data into meaningful insights that support smarter decisions and better player experiences. This role is perfect for someone who’s passionate about using data to tell stories, uncover trends, and make a real impact in a dynamic digital environment.

Our Digital Analytics team plays a key role in transforming data into insights that drive action. We collaborate closely with teams across the digital division to uncover trends, inform strategy, and enhance the player experience through data-driven decision-making.

Our work supports innovation, drives performance, and ensures that we help guide digital initiatives by providing meaningful and actionable insights

WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING:

Reporting to the Digital Analytics Manager, you will be empowered to:

Support key initiatives across the digital business by running end-to-end analytics on campaigns and projects. Assist with uncovering insights that inform both short term decision making and long-term digital initiatives.
Translate data into insights through clear, compelling visual storytelling that helps stakeholders across the organization make informed, strategic decisions.
Create and deliver presentations that communicate key findings to stakeholders in a way that drives understanding and action.
Collaborate with business teams to respond to ad-hoc requests, support analytics initiatives, and contribute to insight-driven projects across the digital division.
Engage with stakeholders, build relationships, and participate in team meetings where your ideas and contributions are valued.
Use tools like SQL and Python to explore and analyze data from our Hadoop environment and create visualizations using dashboarding platforms to support impactful business decisions.
 WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR: 

Working toward a university degree or college diploma in business/commerce, statistics, computer science, economics, finance, engineering or mathematics.
Knowledge of key languages and platforms such as: Python, SQL, Excel.
Ability to explain transform complex results into a compelling story to drive results with a business audience.
Strong attention to details, responsible for producing reports and analysis that are accurate and reliable.
Demonstrated analytical thinking, ability to apply statistical methods and quantitative analysis techniques to identify patterns, trends, and insights.
An effective self-starter with excellent time-management and interpersonal skills who thrives in an environment that demands teamwork.
WHAT WE OFFER: 

Working as part of a large Technology and Digitally driven organization
Being part of a collaborative working environment alongside OLG Leaders who support the growth and development of students
Participate in Diversity and Inclusion initiatives across the organization including Pride Parade and Women’s Leadership Programs
Support OLG Charities including the Federated Health Campaign, United Way Campaign and other fundraising efforts for local charities
Learn about OLG – GAME ON!

Equity, diversity, and inclusion are essential elements of our culture and cornerstones of the Five Truths that OLGers Live by.  At OLG, our employees have the space to be themselves and use their perspectives and skills to benefit the people and the Province of Ontario. OLG is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act.

While we are re-shaping and growing our business, we are unwavering when it comes to living our purpose, and ensuring our business delivers meaningful benefits for the people of Ontario. OLG’s net profits are reinvested back into the province, contributing to the quality of life for Ontarians.

Visit our website at olg.ca for more information or talk to us on one of our social media sites

Facebook.com/OLGToday/
Twitter.com/OLGtoday
Linkedin.com/company/olg
Playsmart.ca
OLG Apps for Android and Apple devices on Google Play or App Store
Application Instructions:

If you are in a co-op program, please apply through your school’s portal or co-op coordinator AND through the OLG student careers page: https://olg.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers-Students
If you are not in an official co-op program or we have not posted at your school, please apply through the OLG student careers page using the link above. (ask HR)
Application Deadline: January 19, 2026

OLG is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Please contact Human Resources at careers@olg.ca if you require accommodation at any time throughout the hire process

We thank you for your interest in this opportunity; however only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted.

