About the job
About Us

Ada is an AI customer service company whose mission is to make customer service extraordinary for everyone. We're driven to raise a new standard of quality customer service at scale, enabling enterprise companies to deliver experiences that people love–instant, proactive, personalized, and effortless.

Ada is an AI transformation platform and partner—combining strategic expertise with powerful AI agent management technology to accelerate businesses’ AI maturity to keep them ahead of the curve. With Ada, 83% of customer conversations—and counting—are effortlessly resolved through automation, giving teams more time back, companies more resources to focus on growth, and customers more life to focus on what matters most to them.

Established in 2016, Ada is a Canadian company that has powered over 5.5 billion interactions for leading brands like Square, YETI, IPSY, and Monday.com, saving millions of hours of human effort. Backed with over $250M in funding from tier-one investors including Accel, Bessemer, FirstMark, Spark, and Version One Ventures, Ada is a pioneer in the management and application of AI in customer service.

At Ada, we see growth as a reflection of each individual owner’s personal growth. That’s why our values are rooted in driving progress and continuous improvement. If you’re ambitious and eager to grow, Ada could be the place for you.

Learn more at www.ada.cx.

We are seeking a dynamic and talented Undergraduate DevOps Intern/Co-op to join our DevOps team! Our DevOps/SRE team works behind the scenes to maintain reliability, observability, and automation for our systems. This experience provides a unique opportunity for 2nd or 3rd or 4th-year undergraduates to apply their skills and learn from experienced professionals.

At Ada, our program runs for 4 months, with contract dates being May 6 to August 28, 2026.

What You’ll Do

Support the DevOps team in maintaining and improving Ada’s infrastructure
Debug incidents, triage issues, and help resolve system failures
Jump into small but meaningful projects involving AWS, Terraform, monitoring, CI/CD
Help build scripts, automations, and tooling to improve operational efficiency
Work with observability stacks (e.g. Datadog, CloudWatch) to build dashboards, alerts, and health checks
Collaborate with software engineers, security team, and platform engineers to deliver reliable services

About You

Pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related
Familiar with Linux fundamentals (shell, permissions, processes)
Basic understanding of networking (TCP/HTTP, ports, firewall rules)
Exposure to cloud (AWS preferred) and/or infrastructure-as-code (Terraform / CloudFormation)
Shows curiosity, grit, and a diagnostic mindset
Strong communication — you should be able to explain what you’re doing, why, and how to others

Nice-to-Have

Experience with Terraform
Knowledge of monitoring / logging tools (Datadog, Prometheus, CloudWatch)
Familiarity with CI/CD (GitHub Actions, GitLab, CircleCI)
Basic scripting in Bash, Python, or similar

What You’ll Learn

Real-world DevOps / infrastructure practices
How to diagnose production-level issues
Building and scaling cloud infrastructure
Observability and incident response
Working in a cross-functional team in a fast-paced environment

Perks

Mentorship from experienced engineers
Hands-on impact on infrastructure used by production systems
Flexible hours / remote option

Benefits & Perks

Benefits

At Ada, you’ll not only build extraordinary products but also thrive in an environment designed for your success. We prioritize your well-being, growth, and work-life balance. Here’s what we offer:

 Unlimited Vacation: Recharge when you need to. 
 Comprehensive Benefits: Extended health coverage, dental, vision, travel, and life insurance. 
 Wellness Account: Empowering you to invest in your overall well-being and lifestyle. 
 Employee & Family Assistance Plan: Resources to support you and your loved ones. 

Perks

 Flexible Work Schedule: Balance your work and personal life. 
 Remote-First, In-Person Friendly: Options to work from home or at our local hub. 
 Learning & Development Budget: Invest in your long-term growth goals and skills. 
 Work from Home Budget: Equipping you with the tools and support for a seamless remote work experience. 
 Access to Cutting-Edge AI Tools: Work with the best AI tech stack in the industry. 
 Hands-On with LLMs: Enhance your expertise in leveraging large language models. 
 A Thriving Industry: Join the forefront of innovation in AI, shaping the future of technology. 

The above Benefits and Perks only apply to full-time, permanent employees.

As part of our recruitment process, we may use AI enabled tools to support certain aspects of hiring, such as interview note-taking. All hiring decisions are made by our team.

Thank you for your interest in joining us at Ada. Due to the high volume of applications, we will only contact candidates whose qualifications match closely to the requirements of the position. We appreciate the time you have invested in learning more about us.