About the job
Your career is an investment that grows over time!

Wealthsimple is on a mission to help everyone achieve financial freedom by reimagining what it means to manage your money. Using smart technology, we take financial services that are often confusing, opaque and expensive and make them transparent and low-cost for everyone. We’re the largest fintech company in Canada, with over 3+ million users who trust us with more than $100 billion in assets.

Our teams ship often and make an impact with groundbreaking ideas. We're looking for talented people who keep it simple and value collaboration and humility as we continue to create inclusive and high-performing teams where people can be inspired to do their best work.

Internships @ Wealthsimple

At Wealthsimple, we offer 4 to 8-month internships that are open to co-op and non-co-op students, and recent grads. During your internship, you will have the opportunity to contribute to projects that are changing the landscape of financial services for Canadians. You will be on a team that supports your growth, provides mentorship, and connects you to the broader Wealthsimple community!

Our internship program follows a hybrid work model, where you’ll be working from our Toronto headquarters on Wednesdays and Thursdays. This structure offers the flexibility of remote work, while also providing the collaboration, connection, and mentorship that come from being together in person.

Eligibility

✔ Currently enrolled as a student at a Canadian post-secondary institution or technical bootcamp

✔ New graduates - Within 6 months of your graduation date

✔ Available to work full-time hours

✔ Residing in Canada

✔ Able to commute to our Toronto HQ on Wednesdays and Thursdays

Application Deadline: January 30, 2026 11:59PM EST

Compensation & Equity

🤑 Base salary range: For this role, candidates can expect the following base salary range:

 Term 1 students: CAD $74,000 - $78,000
 Term 2 students: CAD $77,000 - $81,000
 Term 3 students: CAD $80,000 - $84,000
 Term 4 students: CAD $83,000 - $87,000
 Term 5 students: CAD $86,000 - $90,000


Your current year of study and number of past internship terms will determine your salary band. Actual compensation within each band is based on skills, experience, and academic performance. Exceptional candidates may be considered above the top of their year's range. 🚀

We use clear year-based levels and market-based salary bands to ensure compensation is fair and consistent across all internship programs.

Why Wealthsimple?

🤑 Competitive salary with group savings matching plan using Wealthsimple for Business

🌴 Generous vacation days and unlimited sick and mental health days

🎉 Intern programming including educational workshops, hackathons, and mentorship

🌎 A wide variety of peer and company-led Employee Resource Groups (ie. Rainbow, Women of Wealthsimple, Black @ WS)

💖 Company-wide wellness days off scheduled throughout the year

What past interns have said about their experience at Wealthsimple:

"I absolutely loved the term here and had a great chance to learn new things and meet many amazingly talented people! I also really appreciated the mentorship program, having someone who was an alumni from my school+program was a great chance to learn more and help plan my career and academic journey!"

"A lot of autonomy and trust from teammates; In-person office experience allowed for a lot of deeper friendships; I genuinely like the Wealthsimple product which made it very exciting to work on it"

"The other interns were really a highlight as well as all of the things that y'all planned for us. I also would say my own team really made me feel at home and welcomed. I love the codebase and engineering tools a lot and will miss it!"

With over 1,000 employees coast to coast in North America, be a part of our Canadian success story and help shape the financial future of millions — join us!

Read our Culture Manual and learn more about how we work.

Technology & Innovation at Wealthsimple

We believe the future belongs to those who innovate boldly. At Wealthsimple, every team member is expected to lean into new technologies, including AI and tooling, to rethink how we work, solve problems faster, and create even greater value. We're looking for people who are not just comfortable with change but energized by it. Our commitment is to build a company that evolves at the pace of the world around us, and we want you to help lead that future.

DEI Statement

At Wealthsimple, we are building products for a diverse world and we need a diverse team to do that successfully. We strongly encourage applications from everyone regardless of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status.

Accessibility Statement

Wealthsimple provides an accessible candidate experience. If you need any accommodations or adjustments throughout the interview process and beyond, please let us know, and we will work with you to provide the necessary support and make reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation. We are continuously working to improve our accessibility practices and welcome any feedback or suggestions on how we can better accommodate candidates with accessibility needs.

We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.