About the job
At Equitable, we believe work should be a place where you feel supported, inspired, and empowered to grow. In our caring and collaborative environment, your curiosity is encouraged, your passion is recognized, and your contributions truly matter. Together, we create meaningful impact, for our clients, our communities, and each other.

The Opportunity: At Equitable, we believe great things happen when we work together. We’re a Canadian mutual company driven by purpose - putting people first and helping Canadians protect today and prepare for tomorrow. If you’re passionate about making a difference and growing your career in an inclusive and collaborative environment, we’d love to hear from you. Our culture is built on care, passion and curiosity. We put people above all else, strive to be our best and welcome new ideas to deliver positive outcomes.

Quality Assurance covers a specialized area dedicated to high-quality application and solution delivery for applications supporting the Individual Insurance line of business. Your activities will include planning, developing, coordinating, and participating in the full suite of testing activities including functional, system integration, and end-to-end testing activities of critical web applications.

Come join our award-winning organization and take advantage of this great learning opportunity! In this role you'll work alongside experienced professionals who will help mentor you as an upcoming professional.

Join one of the region’s top employers and be part of something that truly makes a difference.

Work Arrangements: This is a hybrid role. You will work in our office in Waterloo, ON a minimum of two (2) assigned, consecutive days every other week, plus a fifth (5th) assigned day per month. You are welcome to work from the office more than the minimum requirement and there may be some roles that are required to work in our office more than the minimum requirement.

Important Application Instructions: This role is open only to students currently enrolled in a formal co-op program through their post-secondary institution.

To confirm your eligibility, please upload proof of co-op enrollment (e.g., a letter from your school or a screenshot from your student portal, Work Term Record/Transcript etc.).

You will have the option to upload this document during the Candidate Information section at the bottom of the application form. Applications without proof of co-op eligibility may not be considered.

What you'll be doing: 

Assist in furthering our automated test suite for API and web applications
Work within a team to build the automated tests and configure them to execute in CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Azure DevOps 
Create and maintain a reusable set of automated tests
Troubleshoot common script execution issues based on tools being used

What you’ll bring:

Candidates must be currently enrolled in a post-secondary program that includes a Co-operative (Co-op) work component 
Knowledge of testing software
Knowledge of Software QA terminology
Experience with using Selenium for test automation
Experience writing and reading code using JavaScript
Knowledge of API testing tools
Knowledge of or experience with GIT
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
Self-motivated, detail-oriented, proactive, and collaborative

What’s in it for you:

Career Growth: Regular learning sessions and development opportunities, plus our Co-op Student Buddy Program, “EQ Crew” 
Total Rewards: Allowance provided in place of vacation pay and benefits 
Flexibility: Healthy work-life balance with employee wellness always top of mind, complemented by a “dress for your day” approach 

At Equitable, we’re committed to fair pay and an inclusive, accessible hiring experience. If you need accommodations or alternative formats at any stage, just reach out to us at careers@equitable.ca. We’re happy to help.

Your base pay will follow your school’s recommended co-op earnings guidelines, ensuring fair and consistent compensation for your placement.

If you’re selected to move forward, our Talent Acquisition team will walk you through all the details of our total rewards program, so you know exactly what’s included.

Reports To: Senior Technology Platform Owner, Core Systems

Department: IT Individual Systems

Work Term: May 2026 – August 2026