Introduction
A career in IBM Consulting is rooted by long term relationships and close collaboration with clients across the globe. 

 You'll work with visionaries across multiple industries to improve the hybrid cloud and AI journey for the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Your ability to accelerate impact and make meaningful change for your clients is enabled by our strategic partner ecosystem and our robust technology platforms across the IBM portfolio, including Software and Red Hat. 

 Curiosity and a constant quest for knowledge serve as the foundation to success in IBM Consulting. In your role, you'll be encouraged to challenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in groundbreaking impact for a wide network of clients. Our culture of evolution and empathy centers on long-term career growth and development opportunities in an environment that embraces your unique skills and experience.

 About Business Unit:

IBM Consulting is IBM’s consulting and global professional services business, with market leading capabilities in business and technology transformation. With deep expertise in many industries, we offer strategy, experience, technology, and operations services to many of the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Our people are focused on accelerating our clients’ businesses through the power of collaboration. We believe in the power of technology responsibly used to help people, partners and the planet.

Your role and responsibilities
As a Developer Intern at IBM, you’ll work with clients to co-create solutions to real-world challenges by using best practice technologies, tools, techniques, and products to translate system requirements into the design and the development of customized systems. 
 When working in this abstract, fast-paced and continuously changing tech world, resilience, commitment, and curiosity serve as the foundation for success as an IBM Developer.

You will participate in many aspects of the development lifecycle, such as design, code implementation, testing, and support. You could also become a contributor within Open-Source communities across multiple disciplines.

In your role, you will be supported by mentors and coaches who will encourage you to challenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in ground-breaking impact for the wider business, our external clients, & their customers. Our culture of flexibility and freedom are pillars that embrace long-term career growth and learning opportunities in an environment that highlights your unique skills and experience.
This position resides in Toronto or Ottawa and is a 4 months work term commencing in May 2026. It is mandatory that all applicants are enrolled in full-time studies at a post-secondary institution and returning to full-time studies upon completion of the work-term. Please note that MBA and PHD Candidates are not eligible for this program.
Required education
High School Diploma/GED
Preferred education
Bachelor's Degree
Required technical and professional expertise
AWS, Azure, Google, IBM or other cloud, Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning in any cloud and on-premises enterprise, knowledge or experience with DevSecOps and Agile methods 
Ability to communicate complex situations clearly and simply by listening actively and conveying difficult messages in a positive manner 
Initiative to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills 
Python, genAI, API, containers
Git/Version Control, Java, Software/Computer Programming, Python, JavaScript, Golang, Docker, Kubernetes, SQL, Jenkins, CICD, DevOps, Kafka, Flink, Event driven
Consultant - Agile, Scrum, User Stories, Product Backlog, Roadmap, Use Case, Requirements, JIRA, Confluence
Preferred technical and professional experience
Exposure or interest in Design Thinking and Agile development methodology
A passion for innovative ideas, coupled with the ability to understand and assimilate different points of view. 
Teamwork, software development
Agile, Scrum, User Stories, Product Backlog, Roadmap, Use Case, Requirements, JIRA, Confluence
Coding, strong communications
ABOUT BUSINESS UNIT
IBM Consulting is IBM’s consulting and global professional services business, with market leading capabilities in business and technology transformation. With deep expertise in many industries, we offer strategy, experience, technology, and operations services to many of the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Our people are focused on accelerating our clients’ businesses through the power of collaboration. We believe in the power of technology responsibly used to help people, partners and the planet.
YOUR LIFE @ IBM
In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.

Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.



Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.



Are you ready to be an IBMer?

ABOUT IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.



Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 500 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. 



At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.

IBM is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, or other characteristics protected by the applicable law. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.