At Roche you can show up as yourself, embraced for the unique qualities you bring. Our culture encourages personal expression, open dialogue, and genuine connections,  where you are valued, accepted and respected for who you are, allowing you to thrive both personally and professionally. This is how we aim to prevent, stop and cure diseases and ensure everyone has access to healthcare today and for generations to come. Join Roche, where every voice matters.

The Position
The Opportunity

The Summer at Roche Intern Program has been developed to provide students with a fun yet rewarding summer through hands-on experience. Interns enjoy opportunities to network with other interns as well as employees throughout our organization. Additionally, we help our students meet their career development and educational goals while potentially building a future with the Roche organization.

By leveraging the education you have already received, we hope to give you an opportunity to grow and develop with us!

As a Bioinformatics Software Engineering intern, you will be part of a computational science and informatics team building cutting edge bioinformatics and software tools for Next Generation Sequencing informatics solutions.

Who You Are:

You hold an undergraduate degree in Bioinformatics, Biomedical engineering, Data Science Engineering, Computer Science or closely related fields.

You are currently pursuing a Master's Degree (enrolled student) in Bioinformatics, Biomedical engineering, Data Science Engineering, Computer Science or closely related fields.

You have experience building or running bioinformatics algorithms and pipelines

Proficiency in Python programming skills

Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.

Experience with version control systems like Git.

Familiarity with software development methodologies and tools such as SCRUM, agile or similar. 

Preferred:

Excellent communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills.

Complements our culture and the standards that guide our daily behavior & decisions: Integrity, Courage, and Passion.

Additional Information:

Duration: (4 months), work term (Full time) and will begin in May, 2026.

Location: Based in Mississauga, Ontario.

Our team follows a hybrid work structure (minimum 3 days per week in the office).

This position is not eligible for relocation support.

#RocheInternshipCA2026 

The expected salary range for this position based on the primary location of Mississauga is 57 416,00 and 75 358,50 of hiring range. Actual pay will be determined based on experience, qualifications, and other job-related factors as determined by the company.
We use artificial intelligence to screen, assess or select applicants for this role.

This posting is for an existing vacancy at Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd.

Who we are
A healthier future drives us to innovate. Together, more than 100’000 employees across the globe are dedicated to advance science, ensuring everyone has access to healthcare today and for generations to come. Our efforts result in more than 26 million people treated with our medicines and over 30 billion tests conducted using our Diagnostics products. We empower each other to explore new possibilities, foster creativity, and keep our ambitions high, so we can deliver life-changing healthcare solutions that make a global impact.


Let’s build a healthier future, together.

Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer.